# query question label
Find information about elliptical trainer	are you looking for a class for elliptical trainer	True
How to change the toilet in the house	are you trying to find videos about the music man	False
How to change the toilet in the house	are you looking for a summary of the music man plot	False
Tell me about Barbados.	would you like to know about david thompson	True
figs	would you like to know what figs taste like	True
Tell me about ps 2 games?	are you interested in an online site for diabetes	False
Find Brooks Brothers clearance.	are you looking for a brooks brothers outlet	True
Tell about an adobe indian house?	do you want information about the construction of adobe houses	True
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	would you like to see specs on this equipment	True
who invented music	do you wish to know how music videos started	True
Where can I buy pressure washers?	are you wondering how a pressure washer works	True
what is the best long term care insurance	would you like to book a new york hotel	False
Information about raffles	are you trying to look up the results of a raffle in your area	True
What is yahoo	are you interested in a certain inuyasha character	False
tell me about wilson antenna	would you like to know mitchell colleges acceptance rate	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	how much do you need to lower your heart rate	False
Find information on Porterville.	are you wondering where porterville is	True
where can I buy a trombone?	are you looking for a second hand music store near you	True
What is yahoo	do you want to access yahoos twitter feed	True
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	are you looking for the magazine the grilling	False
I'm looking for flame designs	would you like to know the symptoms of a dog in heat	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	how much do you need to lower your heart rate	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	what is the heart rate youre looking to achieve	False
I’m looking for information on worm	are you looking for a dictionary	False
When can I see Churchil Downs	are you wondering where churchill downs is	True
Info on dog heat?	would you like to know why dogs heat up	True
Is Kenmore heater good	do you need stock price values for the company	False
tell me about uss yorktown charleston SC	what events are you interested in on the uss yorktown	True
Give me information on OCD.	are you looking for a test to check for ocd	True
Find information about atari	would you like prices of elliptical trainer	False
Tell me more about dnr	are you interested in dnr stock	True
tell me about UNC	do you want to know the location of unc	True
I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	are you interested in the treatment costs of lymphoma in dogs	True
tell me about iron	would you like to know how iron is mined	True
tell me about mgb	are you looking for more information about mgb	True
I'm looking for flame designs	would you like to know why dogs heat up	False
I'm looking for information on dieting	are you looking for dieting tips	True
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	are you looking for an online or inperson gmat prep class	False
Find information on French Lick Resort and Casino.	are you wanting to see videos by the pastor	False
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	are you looking for jobs in richland	True
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	what event do you want to attend at the fairgrounds	True
Tell me about madam cj walker	would you like to see examples of walkers impact on current hair styling	True
Information about east ridge high school.	are you looking for east ridge high school activities	True
What is von Willebrand Disease?	are you interested in learning about treatments for von willebrand disease	True
I'm interested in InuYasha	would you like to watch an inuyasha movie	True
Tell me more about satilies	do you want to know about natural or artificial satellites	True
Tell me about avp	would you rather read some reviews about avp antivirus	True
Tell me about vanuatu	do you want to contact somebody here	True
I'm looking for information on hobby stores	is this a hobby where anyone can build things	True
Tell me information about computer programming.	do you any specific information about computer science degree program	True
I'd like to learn about moths	are you really reffering to mothra	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you referring to bellevue iowa	True
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	woud you like a list of items made from iron	False
Give me espn sports information.	where in pocono are you interested in	False
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you looking for a hospital in new york ny	True
What is yahoo	would you like to know more about kagome higurashi	False
Tell me about hotels in New York.	is there a specific hotel you are looking for	True
What is California Franchise Tax Board	do you want a phone number	True
What can I do in sherwood regional library	do you want to know who owns the company imclone	False
Find information about the wall	are you referring to the wall proposed by donald trump or the wall by pink floyd	True
Find condos in Florida.	what is your price range	True
What to do in Arkansas	are you looking for weather in arkansas	True
Find information about flushing.	are you looking for nearby classes	False
I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	are you looking to find out about the albums of the beatles	True
I'm interested in dinosaurs	do you want a list of departments within the va dmv registration	False
Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	are you needing to know what its used for	True
What are specific dangers of asbestos?	are you interested in learning about the symptoms associated with asbestos poisioning	True
How should I use the septic system design	do you want to know about alternatives to a septic system	True
I'm interested in InuYasha	are you interested in the music from inuyasha	True
I'm interested in InuYasha	would you like to know more about kagome higurashi	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	is someone you know experiencing a heart attack	False
What are the best recepies for grilling	do you want more informaiton about grilling vegtables	True
tell me about uss yorktown charleston SC	are you looking for homes or demographic information	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	do you want to know the cost of a gmat prep class	True
Give me espn sports information.	do you want espn sports corporate information	True
Tell me about Obama family tree.	would you like to know what political party ralph owen brewster was affiliated with	False
Find information on hip fractures	do you need info on remedies	True
discovery channel store	is there a specific product you are looking for from the store	True
What is USDA food pyramid	do you want to know why the food pyramid was created	True
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	would you like to know how butter and margarine are used in recipes	False
Tell me about weather stripping	are you interested in black history	False
Where should I order dog clean-up bags	which price listings would you like to know	True
Find information about the secret garden.	what kind of media are you interested in there are many videos and still frames of the secret garden from its movies plays tv musical and opera productions	True
Tell me about Neil Young.	do you want to find a certain song	True
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	would you like to know about the dangers of asbestos removal	False
How to prepare for the GMAT?	are you looking for the symptoms of lymphoma in dogs	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	would you like to find foods that will lower your heart rate	False
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	what brand of cell phones are you interested in	False
Tell me about ps 2 games?	are you searching for prevention tools	False
I'm interested in dinosaurs	would you like to see pictures or videos of dinosaurs	True
Tell me more on Kansas city railroad	what entity are you referring to with this acrocym	True
What is yahoo	would you like to know more about kagome higurashi	False
How can I lower my heart rate?	how would you like to watch inuyasha episodes	False
What is yahoo	are you interested in the music from inuyasha	False
How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	do you want to know what sites you can watch tv on the computer at	False
Tell me about kansas city mo	are you interested in visiting kansas city	True
Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	are you interested in the requirements for applying to the program or the poverty level limits	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	how much do you need to lower your heart rate	False
I'd like to learn about moths	do you need to identify a moth	True
butter and margarine	are you interested in satellite maps	False
Find information about flushing.	are you interested in ways to fix problems flushing the toilet	True
Tell me about black history.	would you like to know the weather in kansas city	False
Tell me about Korean language.	do you want to learn how to calculate your vldl levels	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	do you want dietary recommendations	False
Find Brooks Brothers clearance.	do you want to shop online for clothes	True
TV on computer	are you looking for netflix	True
I need information on income tax return online	are you looking for a specific web site	True
I'm interested in InuYasha	which inuyasha characters are you interested in	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	any specific company on your mind	True
where can I buy a trombone?	are you interested in selling a trombone you own	True
I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	do you need product information	True
I'm looking for information on duchess county tourism	what tourist spots are you looking for in dutchess county	True
What is martha stewart and imclone?	are you interested in martha stewarts role in the company	True
I’m interested in old coins	is there a specific type of coin that interests you	True
figs	are you looking for engineers in such field	False
Give me espn sports information.	do you want information about espn sports personalities	True
I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	are you looking for some retailers	True
Find information on Porterville.	do you want to see cookbooks for grilling	False
I'm interested in poker tournaments	do you want to know how poker tournaments are played	True
how to build a fence?	do you want to know more about companies headquartered in bellevue washington	False
Tell me about Pocono	what variety of figs are you interested in	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	are you looking for a political debate	True
Find information on ontario california airport.	do you mean an airport in canada	True
Tell me about cell phones.	are you wondering where disneyland hotels are located	False
Tell me about Pocono	do you want to know the latest weather updates for pocono mountains	True
I'm looking for a wedding budget calculator	are you looking for advice on wedding budgeting	True
Tell me about vines for shade.	do you want to know where to buy vines for shade	True
Child support in Indiana?	do you pay child support in indiana	True
tell me about evidence for evolution	is there any specific thing that evolves that you want to learn more about its evolution	True
how to build a fence?	do you want to know about the nearest town named bellevue	False
I need information about the University of Phoenix.	do you want the history of porterville	False
Tell me about Bellevue.	would you like to know about the plumbing mechanisms of flushing	False
Tell me about avp	are you looking for the stock symbol avp	True
Find me information about the Ritz Carlton Lake Las Vegas.	would you like to know the capacity of ritz carlton lake las vegas	True
I am looking for sources of used car parts.	would you like to pick parts yourself from a salvage yard	True
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	do you want to buy some parts for this equipment	True
Find information about elliptical trainer	is there a specific brand that you would like to know more about	True
Find information about atari	is it for a blog or for online retail	False
Which gps receiver I should buy	are you looking for gps accessories	True
When can I see Churchil Downs	do you want to know the best time to visit churchill downs is	True
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	are you looking for a specific representative in relation to the company	True
Tell me about Barbados.	are you interested in visiting barbados	True
Find information on ontario california airport.	is there anywhere in california youd like to go visit	True
Find information about the gs pay rate	do you need a gs pay calculator	True
Tell me information about Volvo.	are looking for reviews on volvo xc90 suv	True
Tell me about atypical squamous cells	would you like the definition of atypical squamous cells	True
Find me information about diabetes education	do you want help finding a medical doctor for diabetes education	True
Tell me information about Volvo.	do you need information about a volvo dealership	True
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	do you want to know how to craft tools made of iron	False
What are the best recepies for grilling	are you interested in grilling a specefic food	True
Tell me about ron howard.	do you want to know more about ron howards directing career	True
I'm looking for information on duchess county tourism	do you want themed maps	False
I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	would you like to know more about the duties of a paralegal	True
How to get organised?	would you like to see a list of atari games	False
What can I do in sherwood regional library	do you want to know who owns the company imclone	False
Tell me about ps 2 games?	are you referring to playstation 2 games	True
Give me espn sports information.	are you interested in the calorie count or other nutrition information for the fruit	False
Find information about elliptical trainer	woud you like to know the many uses of gps	False
Tell me about Barbados.	are you referring to the injury	False
tell me about wilson antenna	the history of flame design	False
Tell me about Bellevue.	would you like to know about the plumbing mechanisms of flushing	False
to be or not to be that is the question	are you interested in the quote from hamlet	True
Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	are you interested to see images of it	True
I need information on income tax return online	would you like information on filing income taxes	True
Give me espn sports information.	are you interested in recipes you can make with figs fresh or dried	False
Find me information about diabetes education	are you looking for diet information	True
Is Kenmore heater good	are you looking for the instruction of the kenmore sears gas water heaters	True
What are specific dangers of asbestos?	are you asking about the dangers of asbestos siding	True
Find information about flushing.	are you looking for a specific web site	False
Find me information on sat	are you referring to saturday or the verb	True
how to build a fence?	is there a specific material it needs to be made from wood cement tin	True
Find information about elliptical trainer	are you looking for a suitable elliptical machine to use at home	True
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	would you like to see an instruction manual	True
Find information about the gs pay rate	are you looking fro a gs base payscale table for 2018	True
Info on dog heat?	do you want to know how long a female dogs heat lasts	True
I need information about the University of Phoenix.	is there any specific information that you need about online courses held by university of phoenix	True
Tell me more about Rocky Mountain News	do you want historical or recent news events	True
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	would you like to see some reviews	True
Tell me about american military university.	are you looking for information on the origins of the company	False
I’m looking for information on worm	are you interested in the history of the korean language	False
Find information on ontario california airport.	what ammendities are you looking for in your airport	True
Find information about flushing.	are you looking for a specific product in flushing queens	True
Tell me about weather stripping	would you like to know if it is possible to weather strip a car	True
How to use wiki?	what would you like to know about wiki software	True
What is martha stewart and imclone?	do you want information about espn sports personalities	False
tell me about dark chocolate health benefits	were you looking for prices of dark chocolate	True
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	what kind of information are you looking for news or research on the dangers of asbestos	False
Tell me more about Hawain volcanos	did you want to know where the hawaiian volcano observatories are located	True
What to do in Arkansas	are you interested in barbados ecology	False
tell me about UNC	are you interested in applying for federal jobs	False
What is yahoo	which inuyasha characters are you interested in	False
TV on computer	which tv and computer information would you like to know more about	True
Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	would you like to read some reviews	True
Tell me about Barbados.	are you interested in barbados flag	True
I need information about the University of Phoenix.	are you looking for any specific venues in porterville	False
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	are you referring of the dangers of asbestos in new or old houses	False
tell me about wilson antenna	would you like to read some reviews of wilson antennas	True
Information about east ridge high school.	would you like to know some website address	False
Tell me about Bellevue.	would you like to know about the plumbing mechanisms of flushing	False
all men are created equal	would you like to know more about the declaration of independence	True
Tell me about madam cj walker	would you like to know about madam cj walkers products	True
How to get organised?	are you wanting help with what to do to get organized in your home	True
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	do you want information about the arizona game and fish department	True
I'm looking for flame designs	should there be anything else besides the flames	True
tell me about symptoms of mad cow disease in humans	would you like to know first symptoms	True
Find information about flushing.	do you want to file your income tax return through the internal revenue online	False
Tell me about Barbados.	would you like to know about david thompson	True
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	do you need to find hunting and fishing grounds in arizona	True
map	are you looking for a world atlas	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	do you want to learn where to purchase fishing bait	False
tell me about cass county missouri	are you looking for government service	True
I need information on income tax return online	are you looking for information about efiling federal income tax return	True
Tell me about hotels in New York.	are you looking for casinos in kansas city missouri	False
Find information about the secret garden.	can we show you reviews of the original classic book the secret garden	True
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	do you need stock price values for the company	True
who invented music	are you interested in musical notes and their origins	True
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	are you looking for a specific web site	True
Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	what would you like to do in the poconos	False
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	where in specific in dutchess county were you curious about	False
tell me about iron	would you like to figure out iron alloys used to make stainless steel	True
Give me espn sports information.	do you wnat sports scores	True
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	do you want to know about the office of the president of the us	True
Find information about penguins.	are you interested in penguin vape	True
Tell me about the sit and reach test.	do you want general information about the test	True
Find me information about PVC	what type of craft are you using the pvc for	True
how to build a fence?	are you looking for the college	False
Tell me information about a sore throat.	would you like the history of indiana state fairgrounds	False
How can I lower my heart rate?	what is the heart rate youre looking to achieve	True
I'm looking for information about South Africa	do you want the population of south africa	True
how to hire disc jockey	are you looking for reviews of djs	True
I’m looking for information on worm	are you looking for books on the korean language	False
What is Madagascar known for?	are you looking for things to do while in madagascar	True
Tell me about weather stripping	are you looking for black history figures	False
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	would you like to know where indiana state fairgrounds is on a map	True
What is yahoo	which inuyasha characters are you interested in	False
How to prepare for the GMAT?	what score would you like to achieve on the gmat test	True
where can I buy a trombone?	are you looking for trombone dealers near yo	True
tell me about iron	do you want to hear pittsburgh penguin news	False
Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	would you like to know about yellowstones history of eruptions	True
What are signs of a heartattack?	when do you expect to need coverage to begin	False
What is yahoo	do you want to access yahoos twitter feed	True
tell me about iron	what kind of trade are you looking for	False
Tell me about ps 2 games?	are you looking for ps 2 adventure games	True
Tell me about cell phones.	are you interested in a specific brand of cell phone	True
Tell me about kansas city mo	are you interested in upcomming events in kasas city mo	True
I'm looking for information on VLDL levels	would you like to know how to get your vldl levels tested	True
Tell me about vines for shade.	do you have any plant allergies	True
Give me information about Titan.	are you interested in a specific titan	True
Find information about flushing.	are you looking for information about efiling federal income tax return	False
What is Fickle Creek Farm	would you like to know where fickle creek farm is on a map	True
Tell me information about a sore throat.	would you like to know more about throat cancer	True
Tell me about ps 2 games?	are you wanting to join a diabetes education gtoup	False
Find me information on sat	do you want to know the date for this saturday	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	are you looking for some sample tests	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	do you want dietary recommendations	False
all men are created equal	would you like to learn about the author of that quote	True
Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	do you want to know how to use it	True
Tell me about er television show.	what season of er are you interested in	True
Find information on raised gardens.	is information needed on best ways to care for the garden once planted	True
What is equal opportunity employer?	are you looking for anything specific in terms of equal opportunity discrimination	True
to be or not to be that is the question	are you talking about a psychology book	True
How can I quick smoking	are you trying to quit smoking	True
How do I get my free annual credit report?	which internet phone service providers are you interested in	False
Information about raffles	where would you like your raffle to take place	True
Give me espn sports information.	are you looking for information on a specific sport	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	are you looking for a recipe for grilled fish	True
Tell me about ron howard.	are you trying to compare different ron howard movies	True
Info on dog heat?	would you like to know the symptoms of a dog in heat	True
What is yahoo	are you looking for specific fanrelated information	False
Tell me about ps 2 games?	are you looking to organize your course work	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	how low would you like to lower your heart rate	False
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	do you want to know about reviews on the bowflex power pro	True
I'm interested in dinosaurs	are you looking for a health club or a country club	False
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	do you seek further information on lab breeders	True
how to hire disc jockey	would you like to know the history of the bowflex power pro	False
Tell me about Afganistan.	are you looking for current news about afghanistan	True
Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	are you looking for flame design outline	False
Find me information about the sales tax in Illinois.	do you want to read articles about the tax rate or know the tax rate percentage	True
Where should I order dog clean-up bags	would you like to know what they are for	True
Find information about flushing.	are you looking for a directions to the new york hall of science in flushing meadows corona park	True
what are the popular jobs in Michigan	are you interested in more about the company	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	do you want to know how much dnr costs	False
Find information on Porterville.	would you like the location of the arizona fish and game comission	False
how to hire disc jockey	are you looking for djs in your area	True
I'm looking for keyboard reviews	are you looking for places to buy keyboards	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	would you like to see the most effective methods of gmat prep	True
Tell me more about HP mini 2140	do you want to read reviews of hp mini 2140	True
Find information about elliptical trainer	do you want to adopt dogs for free	False
Which gps receiver I should buy	what brand of gps device are you looking for	True
Where can I find cheap internet	are you looking to buy cheap internet	True
How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	do you need the address of culpeper national cemetery	False
How do I get my free annual credit report?	would you want to know what is in a credit report	True
I'm looking for information on VLDL levels	would you like to take a survey on your cholesterol	True
Tell me about Neil Young.	i can show you his songs lyrics would that be okay	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	are you looking for gmat prep classes near you	True
Tell me about the sit and reach test.	do you want to know the purpose of the test	True
Find information on Porterville.	are you looking for any specific venues in porterville	True
Information about raffles	would you like to know more about sir stamford raffles	True
I'm interested in mothers day songs	is there a certain melody you are interested in	True
How should I use the septic system design	do you want information on arizona wildlife	False
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	do you want to know their hours of operation	False
Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	are you looking for our schedule of classes or events	True
Find condos in Florida.	what area is florida are you interested in	True
I need information about the University of Phoenix.	are you looking for any specific faculty member of university of phoenix	True
tell me about wilson antenna	would you like directions to mitchell college	False
I'm looking for information on dieting	would you like a list of area doctors that can give professional advice on dieting	True
Tell me about sonoma county medical services.	how soon is this needed	True
When can I see Churchil Downs	which part of churchill downs are you interested in knowing more about	True
Tell me about scooters.	will this be for an adult or child	True
I’m looking for the music man.	are you looking for our schedule of classes or events	False
How to prepare for the GMAT?	are you looking for an online or inperson gmat prep class	True
I'm interested in dinosaurs	would you like to be friends on facebook with arkadelphia health club	False
What is von Willebrand Disease?	what person with von willebrand disease do you want to know about	True
How to register dmv in va?	how fast do you want the coverage to grow	False
Tell me information about a sore throat.	do you have pain on both sides of your throat	True
Tell me more about USA tax for annuity	do you want information about fees for indexed annuities	True
Find information about the secret garden.	what model of wilson antenna are you inquiring about	False
I’m interested in old coins	would you like information on the worth of coins	True
What is a 403b?	would you like to see if your employer offers 403b resources	True
Give me information on OCD.	are you looking for treatment for ocd	True
How do I get my free annual credit report?	are you looking for a free internet phone service	False
What is yahoo	what is the heart rate youre looking to achieve	False
Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	what specific type of electronic skeet shoot are you interested in	True
I need information on income tax return online	do you want to file your income tax return through the internal revenue online	True
Information about east ridge high school.	are you interested in east ridge high school latest news	True
TV on computer	do you want to know technical information about tv on computer	True
What are specific dangers of asbestos?	is there a certain type of dj you are looking for	False
how to build a fence?	are you looking for directions to bellevue	False
I’m interested in old coins	do you want to buy old coins	True
How to change the toilet in the house	are you looking for topics related to bathroom health	True
I’m interested in civil right movement	would you like to know when the civil rights movement began	True
What is yahoo	are you interested in inuyasha cosplay	False
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	do you have any type of asbestos in mind when you ask about the dangers of asbestos	False
Find information on raised gardens.	do you need information on materials needed	True
Tell me about Barbados.	are you searching for an image for lipoma	False
I'm looking for flame designs	are you looking for flame designs for a tattoo	True
Give me air travel information.	what dates are you planning on traveiing	True
I'd like to learn about moths	are you looking to fix a moth infestation	True
all men are created equal	would you like to know more about the author	True
Give me espn sports information.	do you want to know about special events on espn	True
Find sewing instructions for me	are you looking for sewing patterns	True
Give me espn sports information.	do you want to know who owns espn	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	do you want to compare different models	False
What is yahoo	would you like to see inuyasha manga	False
What is California Franchise Tax Board	do you want to know the address	True
Tell me about Korean language.	would you like to take a survey on your cholesterol	False
Find sewing instructions for me	would you like a book about sewing	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	would you like to know why its important to lower your heart rate	False
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	are you looking for research papers	True
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	would you like to know the history of the bowflex power pro	True
tell me about UNC	which area of study are you looking for at unc	True
Tell me about kansas city mo	are you interested in hallmark visitors center	True
Find information about flushing.	are you interested in the history of the korean language	False
how to build a fence?	are you looking for companies to build a fence for you	True
what are the popular jobs in Michigan	what division of michworks are you interested in	True
Find information about elliptical trainer	are you looking for a specific website	False
How to prepare for the GMAT?	are you looking for some sample tests	True
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	do you want to know about indoor or outdoor grilling	False
Give me information on OCD.	would you like to know more about ocd	True
tell me about bart sf	what information do you need about bart sf	True
Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	do you want the address	True
I'm looking for flame designs	what are you using the design for	True
Find me information about the Ritz Carlton Lake Las Vegas.	are you wondering where the ritz carlton in las vegas is located	True
I’m looking for the music man.	do you need their homepage	False
How do I get my free annual credit report?	do you want to know how to obtain someones credit report	True
I'm looking for information on dieting	are you searching for dieting pills	True
How to get organised?	how about some organizing tips	True
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	would like to go hunting or fishing in arizona	True
map	are you interested in cartography	True
I'm interested in dinosaurs	are you referring to a health club in arkadelphia ar	False
tell me about iron	what kind of penguin are you looking for	False
tell me about cass county missouri	is there any specific information that you are looking for	True
Give me information on OCD.	are you looking for a definition of ocd	True
Find me information about the Last Supper painting.	are you interested in who painted the last supper painting	True
Find me information about PVC	are you looking to buy pvc pipe	True
How to cook pork tenderlion	would you like to see pork tenderloin recipes	True
Find information about Mitchell College.	would you like information about the alternatives to violence project	False
Tell me about kansas city mo	are you looking for casinos in kansas city missouri	True
Find information about the secret garden.	would you like to see reviews on specific movies and tv shows	True
map	are you interested in the origin of the nile	False
Give me information about tribe formerly living in alabama	would you like current events stories about the cherokee tribe	True
Find information about flushing.	arey you conerned about someones face becoming red	True
Where can I find information about forearm pain?	are you worried your forearm pain means you have a broken bone	True
Tell me about designer dog breeds.	would you like to see some pictures of designer dog breeds	True
I want to learn about rock art.	do you want to buy rock art	True
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	are you asking about the dangers of asbestos siding	False
What is yahoo	do you want to access yahoo mail	True
What to do in Arkansas	what city in barbados are you interested in learning	False
Find information about penguins.	would you like to know the penguins schedule	True
tell me about UNC	is there a specific internet company you need information on	False
Tell me information about a sore throat.	do you want to attend the indiana state fair	False
Tell me about civil war battles in South Carolina	which military generals fought in the battles your most interested in	True
Tell me about designer dog breeds.	are you interested in a puppy	True
Tell me more about HP mini 2140	are you looking for a specific web site	False
Tell me about Korean language.	what type of craft are you using the pvc for	False
Find information about penguins.	are you interested in the animal or the hockey team	True
Tell me about kansas city mo	would you like to know about credit scores	False
Find information on raised gardens.	is this in reference to flowers or vegetables	True
Find information on hip fractures	are you interested in the age breakdown of common hip fracture sufferers	True
I'm interested in mothers day songs	are you interested in finding rock and gem shows near you	False
Find me information about the Last Supper painting.	what is your purpose for searching for the last supper painting	True
how to hire disc jockey	are you interested in purchasing it online	False
figs	do you want a single large lateral or multiple smaller laterals	False
Tell me about vines for shade.	do you want to know how to plant a vine for shade	True
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	are you looking for any specific information on bowflex power pro	True
Tell me about texas border patrol.	do you want to know where their headquarters is located	True
Find information about atari	which atari computer system would you like to know about	True
Information about east ridge high school.	would you like to know subsrition pricing to arkadelphia health club	False
How to prepare for the GMAT?	when do you want to take a gmat prep class	True
I want to learn about rock art.	do you want the history of rock art	True
Tell me about hotels in New York.	do you want to know how to obtain someones credit report	False
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	would you like to know the differences between butter and margarine	False
How to prepare for the GMAT?	any specific company on your mind	True
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	do you want to get a hunting or fishing license in arizona	True
figs	would you like to see a list of different kind of figs with images	True
I'd like to learn about moths	would you like to know how to catch moths	True
Tell me about hotels in New York.	do you want information on how to keep your credit report good	False
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	are you looking for a list of all us presidents	True
I need information on income tax return online	are you interested in how pvc is made	False
Tell me about weather stripping	would you like to know what a weather strip is	True
I'm looking for information on hobby stores	are you looking for hobby stores located in maryland	True
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	are you referring to the company or the term do not resuscitate	False
Tell me about er television show.	do you want to know what time er tv show is on	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you looking for information about computer viruses	False
What is yahoo	would you like to watch an inuyasha movie	False
map	would you like to know about specific artists related to mothers day	False
tell me about rock and gem shows	are you interested in home decor items that are dinosaur related	False
all men are created equal	would you like to learn about the origin of that quote	True
I'm interested in poker tournaments	would you like a schedule of poker tournaments	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	would you like to know what causes lipoma tumors	True
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	are you looking for reviews of gmat prep classes	False
Tell about an adobe indian house?	are you looking for pictures of adobe indian houses	True
tell me about ct jobs	are you interested in the penguins of madagascar	False
How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	are you interested in buying a tv with a computer included	False
Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	do you want realistic or cartoonish designs	False
what are the popular jobs in Michigan	do you need help navigating the website	True
Tell me about scooters.	do you need a retailer near you	True
Which gps receiver I should buy	would you like information on how gps works	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	are you looking for the instruction of the kenmore sears gas water heaters	False
What should I know about the civil war	do you need a list of civil war battles	True
I need information on income tax return online	how did you file your previous year taxes	True
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	are you looking for a recipe for grilled fish	False
what is the best long term care insurance	is there a specific neighborhood you are interested in	False
I'm looking for flame designs	do you want to know when the next semester starts at mitchell college	False
What is yahoo	do you have any medical conditions	False
Find information on ontario california airport.	are you planning to take a trip on ontario or california	True
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	are you looking for a specific web page	False
How should I use the septic system design	do you want to know about alternatives to a septic system	True
Find information about elliptical trainer	would you like to see reviews on elliptical trainers	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	are you looking to purchase or repair a unit	False
Tell me about scooters.	are you trying to change scooter oil	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	do you want to move to arkansas	False
Find information about penguins.	are you looking for directions to bellevue	False
tell me about tangible personal property tax	what area are you asking about	True
tell me about iron	would you like to know how iron is mined	True
What is yahoo	do you want to access yahoo mail	True
What to do in Arkansas	are you referring to a medical condition for your pet	False
Tell me about vanuatu	are you interested in the location of vanuatu	True
Find me information about the Ritz Carlton Lake Las Vegas.	would you like to know where ritz carlton lake las vegas is on a map	True
How to change the toilet in the house	are you trying to fix your toilet	True
what are the popular jobs in Michigan	are you looking for michworks career information	True
What are specific dangers of asbestos?	would you like to know about the dangers of asbestos removal	True
Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	do you need an address	True
Tell me about source of the nile	are you referring to the nile river	True
Find information about the wall	are you looking to buy the album the wall online	True
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	are you wondering what causes sore throat	False
Tell me about Pocono	when are you going to the pococnos	True
I'm looking for universal animal cuts reviews	were you wondering about how universal animal cuts works	True
What are signs of a heartattack?	do you want to know famous black people	False
I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	are you referring to lymphoma in the eyes	True
Which gps receiver I should buy	are you looking for car navigators	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you interested in ways to fix problems flushing the toilet	False
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	would you like to see recipes with butter and margarine	False
I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	would you like to place an order	True
I'm looking for universal animal cuts reviews	why are you looking to add supplements to your diet	True
How to change the toilet in the house	do you want to watch the music man film	False
Tell me about hotels in New York.	are you looking for casinos in kansas city missouri	False
Let's see frank lloyd wright biography	would you like to know where frank lloyd wright was born	True
Find information on Porterville.	are you looking for a hotel near porterville	True
Which gps receiver I should buy	are you looking for details about disneyland hotels	False
How can I quick smoking	are you looking for patches	True
Tell me about cell phones.	what cell phone apps are you interested in	True
What is equal opportunity employer?	would you like to see the legal definition of equal opportunity employer	True
tell me about tangible personal property tax	do you want to know about special events on espn	False
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	are you asking what year the company originated	False
I'm looking for information on dieting	do you want to learn about the history of dieting	True
what are continental plates	are you looking for continental plate boundaries	True
figs	would you like to know where you can buy figs	True
i will survive lyrics	do you want to sing along with the lyrics	True
Where can I buy pressure washers?	are you wondering how a pressure washer works	True
Tell me about black history.	are you looking for something to read	True
I’m looking for the music man.	do you want to know the actors in the music man	True
figs	are you interested in recipes you can make with figs fresh or dried	True
I want to learn about rock art.	do you want examples of rock art	True
How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	are you interested in interview thank you letters	True
What is equal opportunity employer?	would you like to see the legal definition of equal opportunity employer	True
I want to learn about rock art.	do you want to know how to perform rock art	True
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	are you referring to a federally funded food stamp program or one that is funded by the state government	False
TV on computer	do you want to buy some parts for this equipment	False
tell me about idaho state flower	are you experiencing a flare up	False
who invented music	are you interested in music streaming	True
How do I get my free annual credit report?	do you want to contact somebody here	False
Where can I find cheap internet	are you wondering which provider has the cheapest internet	True
tell me about wilson antenna	would you like directions to mitchell college	False
tell me about bart sf	are you looking for bart travel schedules	True
I’m looking for information on worm	are you trying to find out what worms eat	True
What is von Willebrand Disease?	do you want information about von willebrand disease in dogs	True
What is yahoo	would you like to watch an inuyasha movie	False
tell me about rice?	are you looking for a specific type of rice	True
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	is there a specific representative that you need contact information for	True
Find information about the sun.	are you looking for a special news	True
I'm interested in InuYasha	how would you like to watch inuyasha episodes	True
Tell me about madam cj walker	would you like to know the birthplace of madam cj walker	True
Tell me about madam cj walker	do you want to know what madam cj walker invented	True
Tell me about Barbados.	are you interested in visiting barbados	True
What can I do in sherwood regional library	do you want to know the hours of operation	True
tell me about wilson antenna	do you need to get a part of a wilson antenna	True
tell me about cass county missouri	which part of cass county are you referring to	True
How can one can become highway patrol	would you like me to contact them for you	True
Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	are you looking for information about any specific decoration technique	True
how to hire disc jockey	would you like to know the history of culpeper national cemetary	False
I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	do you need contact information	True
Find me information about the Ritz Carlton Lake Las Vegas.	do you need a reservation at the ritz carlton in las vegas	True
I’m interested in old coins	is there a specific type of coin that interests you	True
Tell me more about USA tax for annuity	are you interested in finding out the difference between an indexed and variable annuity	True
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	are you looking for a specific representative in relation to the company	True
How to register dmv in va?	do you want to know how to plant a vine for shade	False
Find me information about diabetes education	which type of diabetes do you want to learn about	True
Find information on hip fractures	are you interested in the age breakdown of common hip fracture sufferers	True
Find information about the secret garden.	what are you using the design for	False
How to register dmv in va?	do you want to know if you can grow vines in shade	False
how to hire disc jockey	would you like to learn more about how to exercise with the bowflex power pro	False
Looking for information about the Orange County Convention Center	do you need a map	True
Tell me more on Kansas city railroad	are you looking for information on the life cycle of worms	False
Find me information on sat	do you want to know the date for this saturday	True
I need information about the University of Phoenix.	do you want to find a restaurant or store here	False
Tell me about source of the nile	are you interested in the origin of the nile	True
tell me about iron	do you want to know who is hiring here	False
I'm looking for flame designs	are you looking for a specific web site	False
What is equal opportunity employer?	are you interested in learning more about tuition costs for the american military university	False
What is a 403b?	would you like to find retirement financial advisors	True
map	would you like to see google maps homepage	True
Tell me about Pocono	are you looking for reviews of the university of phoenix	False
tell me about bart sf	are you looking for bart travel schedules	True
Find information on Porterville.	do you want the history of porterville	True
all men are created equal	would you like to know more about the declaration of independence	True
I need information about the University of Phoenix.	do you need the website for the university of phoenix	True
tell me about uss yorktown charleston SC	what historic period would you like information pertaining to	True
to be or not to be that is the question	do you want to know the meaning of the quote	True
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	would you like to see resorts and casinos in the french lick area	False
how to hire disc jockey	are you looking for different kinds of djs	True
Tell me about Korean language.	are you looking for korean language symbols	True
Find information about the secret garden.	can i provide you information about frances hodgson burnett	True
What is Madagascar known for?	do you want to know what madagascar is famouss for	True
Find information on raised gardens.	do you want to take a class about raised gardens	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	would you like to know what effects hart beat rate	False
What is Fickle Creek Farm	would you like to know the address of mayo clinic jacksonville fl	False
tell me about iron	what salary range are you looking for	False
Find information about flushing.	what flushing are you interested in toilet or facial	True
How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	would you like to see services for the culpeper national cemetary today	False
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	do you need information on the speeds available in your area	True
Tell me about Neil Young.	do you want his biography	True
Tell me about cell phones.	do you want to know how much it costs to stay here	False
Looking for information about the Orange County Convention Center	do you want to know the events going on here	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	how low would you like to lower your heart rate	True
Give me information about Titan.	are you referring to the monster from the final fantasy series	True
Tell me information about Volvo.	are you trying to find more information about rick warren	False
Find sewing instructions for me	are you looking for sewing patterns	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you interested in ways to fix problems flushing the toilet	False
I'm interested in dinosaurs	are you looking for dinosaur books	True
I'm interested in InuYasha	would you like to see inuyasha manga	True
Tell me about avp	do you want to know how male vs female avps in a company	True
what is the best long term care insurance	do you need a map of hotels	False
Find information on raised gardens.	do you want to buy raised garden supplies	True
Tell me about ps 2 games?	are you interested in playing ps 2 games on other consoles such as playstation 3 and playstation 4	True
I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	are you trying to purchase the beatles rock band game	True
who invented music	are you interested in the invention of modern music or the beginning of all music	True
i will survive lyrics	do you want the lyrics to the whole song	True
Tell about an adobe indian house?	do you want to learn how an adobe indian house is made	True
Tell me about avp	are you looking for a certain store location	False
tell me about iron	would you like to buy some stuff related pittsburgh penguins	False
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you looking for a specific product in flushing queens	False
Is Kenmore heater good	would you like to know how much a kenmore gas water heater is	True
Tell me about atypical squamous cells	do you want to see a picture of atypical squamous cells	True
How to register dmv in va?	would you like to email the va dmv registration	True
I’m looking for the music man.	are you looking for the alexian brothers lay catholic order	False
I am looking for sources of used car parts.	are you looking for used car parts from a particular period of time	True
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	are you interested in where the bowflex power pro is produced	True
I need information on income tax return online	is this in reference to plumbing or some other sort of plastic product	False
What is yahoo	shall i take you to any specific pages of yahoo web site	True
Let's see frank lloyd wright biography	want to see a list of vacation destinations that include architecture designed by frank lloyd wright	True
I'm interested in dinosaurs	do you want to renew a drivers license	False
Find information on Porterville.	do you need to know how to trun a grill on	False
Find information about flushing.	are you trying to learn the korean language	False
I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	are you interested in a specific type of product	True
Find information about elliptical trainer	are you looking for information of where to buy a elliptical trainer	True
tell me about rock and gem shows	are you curious about rock and gem shows	True
tell me about mgb	are you looking for pictures of the mgb	True
Tell me about Pocono	are you referring to pocono mountains	True
Tell me information about computer programming.	do you want to know how to do computer programming	True
Tell me about kids earth day activities	what age of kid would be completing the activity	True
How can I adopt a dog	are you looking for topics related to bathroom health	False
Where can I find information about forearm pain?	are you looking for causes of forearm pain	True
Tell me more on health clubs in Arkansas	are you looking for any specific information about arkadelphia health club	True
Find information about penguins.	do you want to hear pittsburgh penguin news	True
I'm interested in dinosaurs	do you want to renew a drivers license	False
Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	are you looking for reviews related to it	True
Info on dog heat?	do you want to know how long a female dogs heat lasts	True
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	are you looking for jobs in richland	True
tell me about UNC	is unc the name of a game	True
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	what year of volvo do you need information about	False
tell me about iron	do you want to know the iron composition of steel	True
Information about east ridge high school.	are you interested in east ridge high school latest news	True
Give me information on OCD.	do you want examples of ocd	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	do you want to learn how to install weater strips on windows	False
I want to learn about rock art.	are you going to purchase any specific tools	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	do you want to know about the nearest town named bellevue	True
I need information about the University of Phoenix.	are you looking for a specific place here	False
Tell me more about Rocky Mountain News	would you like to see a list of reporters of the rocky mountain news	True
I’m looking for blue throated hummingbird	are you curious about the size	True
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	do you have pain on both sides of your throat	False
what is the best long term care insurance	are you interested in hallmark visitors center	False
I’m looking for information on worm	do you want to know about worm castings	True
Tell me about texas border patrol.	do you want to know what their jurisdiction is	True
Tell me about vines for shade.	do you want to know how many species are there of vines for shade	True
Tell me about cell phones.	are you looking for a hotel inside disneyland	False
Where can I find cheap internet	are you wondering how to reduce your internet bill	True
Tell me about avp	would you like to know about the alien versus predator movie	True
discovery channel store	do you need to see what is sold there	True
discovery channel store	do you wish to order online directly	True
I'm looking for information on dieting	do you want to learn about the history of dieting	True
Where can I find information about forearm pain?	do you have forearm pain when extending your arm	True
who invented music	are you looking for who invented the first instruments	True
tell me about ct jobs	are there specific jobs you are looking for	True
Tell me more about satilies	what kind of satellite are you looking for	True
Tell me about texas border patrol.	do you want to know where their headquarters is located	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	would you like to find exercises to lower your heart rate	False
tell me about ct jobs	are you looking for listings with a particular skill set	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	do you need information about bellevue nebraska	True
tell me about idaho state flower	do you want to know when the idaho state flower was named	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you looking for a directions to the new york hall of science in flushing meadows corona park	False
I'm interested in poker tournaments	do you want to play in online poker tournaments	True
I'm looking for keyboard reviews	do you just want to rated keyboards	True
tell me about idaho state flower	what characterisitc of the flower would you like to learn more about	True
How can one can become highway patrol	are you curious about the employment opportunies at the tennesse highway patrol	True
Tell me about kansas city mo	would you like to know about things to see and do in kansas city mo	True
Tell me information about Volvo.	would you like to know what country volvo is located	True
tell me about ct jobs	what salary range are you looking for	True
Tell me about american military university.	are you interested in dinosaur toys	False
I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	do you need product information	True
tell me about ct jobs	are you looking for jobs in the state of conneticut	True
Find information on ontario california airport.	do you need to make a booking are you travelling alone	True
Information about east ridge high school.	would you like to take a zuma class at arkadelphia health club	False
Tell me information about Volvo.	are you looking for the age of rick warren	False
How should I use the septic system design	would you like to know how it functions	True
What to do in Arkansas	are you interested in visiting barbados	False
What are signs of a heartattack?	which symptoms do you believe you are experiencing	True
what is the best long term care insurance	are you interested in getting a quote for coverage	True
Tell me about Korean language.	are you interested in pvc pipe	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	do you want dietary recommendations	False
Tell me about hotels in New York.	would you like to know the weather in kansas city	False
I need information on income tax return online	do you want to know how to make ballet bars out of pvc	False
Find information about flushing.	are you looking for information about hangul	False
discovery channel store	are you looking for a list of foods that are a good source of iron	False
all men are created equal	would you like to know the gettysburg address	True
How can one can become highway patrol	did you want to know what the tenessee highway patrol cars look like	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you referring to bellevue washington	True
discovery channel store	do you want to know how to craft tools made of iron	False
Find information about the gs pay rate	would you like the idaho state flower coloring page	False
tell me about uss yorktown charleston SC	what things to do and see are you interested in	True
How should I use the septic system design	are you looking for septic system design software	True
I'm looking for flame designs	would you like to buy stencils online	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	are you referring to a medical condition for your pet	True
I'm looking for information on hobby stores	are you looking for a specific hobby store	True
Tell me more about HP mini 2140	are you looking for payment information	False
Where can I buy pressure washers?	are you looking to buy a pressure washer	True
How to change the toilet in the house	do you want to know the number of available jobs on the website	False
How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	do you want to know technical information about tv on computer	False
Tell me about Bellevue.	do you wish to take a korean language test	False
Tell me about Barbados.	would you like to find a plane ticket to barbados	True
tell me about symptoms of mad cow disease in humans	what symptoms of mad cow are your most interested in	True
Where can I find information about forearm pain?	are you looking for any specific web pages	True
Tell me about Barbados.	would you like to know about lipomas based on any specific demographics	False
all men are created equal	would you like to know the gettysburg address	True
Tell me about Korean language.	are you interested in korean language degrees	True
I'm interested in poker tournaments	are you looking for the world series of poker	True
Find information on Porterville.	do you want to know about grilling meat	False
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	would you like to buy tickets for a specific event there	True
Give me information on OCD.	are you looking for treatment for ocd	True
What is martha stewart and imclone?	would you like to know what more about the history of martha stewart and imclone	True
I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	are you trying to find out the rating of the beatles rock band game	True
Tell me more about HP mini 2140	are you trying to login to the boards website	False
Find information about the gs pay rate	what characterisitc of the flower would you like to learn more about	False
how to build a fence?	are you looking bellevue square mall	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	do you want dietary recommendations	False
Find me information about diabetes education	are you wanting to join a diabetes education gtoup	True
Tell me about Barbados.	are you interested in visiting barbados	True
tell me about iron	are you interested in knowing how iron is made	True
how to build a fence?	are you looking for things to do in bellevue	False
What is Madagascar known for?	would you like a list of fun facts about madagascar	True
Tell me about of Ralph Owen Brester.	would you like to know the political positions ralph owen brewster held	True
Tell me about american military university.	are you referring to the american military university as in the actual school	True
Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	do you want to sell furniture	True
tell me about iron	do you know about why its important to have iron in your diet	True
How can I adopt a dog	what type of toilet are you looking for	False
How should I use the septic system design	are you looking for regulations related to your search	False
Information about raffles	are you interested in raffles college of design	True
How to register dmv in va?	would you like directions to the va dmv registration	True
Find information about the wall	are you referring to the vietnam veterans memorial wall	True
Tell me about madam cj walker	do you want to know what madam cj walker invented	True
I am looking for sources of used car parts.	would you like directions to the nearest parts store	True
how to build a fence?	are you looking for the university the bellevue	False
who invented music	is there any specific music genre you are interested in	True
I'm looking for flame designs	would you like information about the association of volleyball professionals	False
Find information about penguins.	are you interested in the animal or the hockey team	True
Where can I find information about forearm pain?	do you have forearm pain from lifting	True
Which gps receiver I should buy	do you want to know how much it costs to stay here	False
What is yahoo	are you interested in the list of inuyasha characters	False
Information about raffles	what category are you searching for raffles in	True
Tell me information about computer programming.	are you looking to see how much computer programming lessons cost	True
I’m looking for information on worm	are you looking for books on the korean language	False
Give me information on OCD.	are you interested in ocd medications	True
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	what cell phone apps are you interested in	False
tell me about wilson antenna	would you want to buy flame design stickers	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	would you like to know what effects blood pressure and cholesterol	False
Tell me about Korean language.	do you need korean language classes	True
Find information about flushing.	would you like to know more about hr block	False
Tell me about of Ralph Owen Brester.	when do you want to take a gmat prep class	False
I'm interested in mothers day songs	are you looking for a list of clubs that host rock and gem shows	False
Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	where in pocono are you interested in	False
Find information on ontario california airport.	from which airport are you leaving	True
Give me information about Titan.	are you interested in learning more about mythological titans	True
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	would you like to learn more about how to exercise with the bowflex power pro	True
What to do in Arkansas	are you looking for what country arkansas is	True
Tell me more about Hawain volcanos	would you like to know where the observatories are located	True
Tell me more about HP mini 2140	do you need information on accessories for the hp mini 2140	True
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	do you want to know how to use the bowflex power pro	True
What is Fickle Creek Farm	would you like to know the address of mayo clinic jacksonville fl	False
map	are you on a road trip	True
Tell me about avp	would you like to know about the alien versus predator movie	True
Tell me about ps 2 games?	are you interested in playing ps 2 games on other consoles such as playstation 3 and playstation 4	True
all men are created equal	are you looking for declaration of independence at the national archives	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	how low would you like to lower your heart rate	False
What should I know about the civil war	are you looking for a specific battle	True
Tell me about Korean language.	would you like a recommendation on nearby doctors who check cholesteral levels	False
Find information about elliptical trainer	were you looking for how cell phones work	False
Find information about penguins.	are you looking for fencebuilding materials	False
I'm interested in poker tournaments	do you want to play in online poker tournaments	True
I'm looking for flame designs	are you referring to the college in new london conneticut	False
I'm looking for information on dieting	will the dieting be in combination with exercise or weight training	True
tell me about mgb	are you looking to purchase an mgb	True
Information about east ridge high school.	are you looking for a health club or a country club	False
what are the popular jobs in Michigan	can we show you reviews of the original classic book the secret garden	False
Tell me about texas border patrol.	do you want to report an incident	True
What is yahoo	do you want to know how yahoo is performing as a business	True
I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	are you looking for some retailers	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	are you interested in inuyasha cosplay	False
Find information about the gs pay rate	are you looking for the us civil servant pay scale	True
I want to learn about rock art.	do you wnat to decorate with rock art	True
I'm looking for information on VLDL levels	are you interested in information about the difference between vldl and hdl levels	True
Find information about tornadoes	are you interested in tornado disasters	True
What to do in Arkansas	would you like a map of barbados	False
Find information on Porterville.	are you wondering where porterville is	True
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	are you looking for any specific information on bowflex power pro	True
Is Kenmore heater good	do you need stock price values for the company	False
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	would you like to know how to prevent these signs	False
What is Fickle Creek Farm	are you located in jacksonville fl	False
Is Kenmore heater good	are you looking for a specific model or part	True
tell me about rock and gem shows	are you looking for dinosaur books	False
Find me information about PVC	are you interested in a certain length of pvc pipe	True
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	would like to go hunting or fishing in arizona	True
tell me about bart sf	are you interested in bart sf the company	True
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	do you need information on employment opportunities	True
Tell me about Neil Young.	are you looking for similar artists to neil young	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	are you referring to the pastor	True
Find information about elliptical trainer	are you referring to the machine or person	True
Tell me about black history.	would you like to know about things to see and do in kansas city mo	False
Tell me about Bellevue.	do you want to know more about companies headquartered in bellevue washington	True
tell me about iron	would you like to know about iron deficiencies	True
Tell me about source of the nile	do you want a history of the nile	True
Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	are you looking for dining room furniture	True
map	do you want a tourist map	True
Tell me about Barbados.	what city in barbados are you interested in learning	True
Find information on ontario california airport.	would you like to know more about ontarioca airport services	True
Find information about penguins.	what entity are you referring to with this acrocym	False
Tell me about ps 2 games?	do you want help finding a medical doctor for diabetes education	False
Find information about flushing.	do you need to apply for a federal tax return online	False
Tell me about avp	are you looking for avp beach volleyball	True
Give me espn sports information.	do you want information about espn sports personalities	True
discovery channel store	are you looking for locations	True
tell me about iron	are you looking for iron metal products	True
Find information about Mitchell College.	what state is mitchell college in	True
Tell me information about Volvo.	are you asking what year the company originated	True
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	are you looking for butter and margarine comparison	False
What are the best recepies for grilling	are you interested in barbados flag	False
Tell me about Neil Young.	are you looking for similar artists to neil young	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	are you referring to the pastor	True
What is equal opportunity employer?	do you want to know what country the source is in	False
I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	are you looking for a specific web site	False
I'm looking for a wedding budget calculator	what was the price range you were looking for	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	do you want to know how to treat the injury	False
Find sewing instructions for me	would you like to know to to mend a shirt	True
tell me about idaho state flower	would you like to know about its apperance	True
How is identifying spider bites?	what country spider bites are you interested in identifying	True
What is a 403b?	would you like to see alternative retirement accounts	True
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	are you interested in knowing how iron is made	False
How to prepare for the GMAT?	are you interested in the treatment costs of lymphoma in dogs	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	have you talked to your doctor about heart rate	False
Tell me about black history.	are you interesting in a certain countrys black history	True
Tell me about atypical squamous cells	would you like to know the chance of getting atypical squamous cells	True
Tell me more about dnr	would you like to fill an application for a hunting licence	True
Tell me about black history.	are you interested in recent news headlines from kansas city mo	False
I'm looking for flame designs	would you like to know about the alien versus predator movie	False
Information about raffles	are you interested in aj raffles	True
Find information about the secret garden.	what do you want to use the antenna for	False
Tell me about american military university.	are you looking for information on the origins of the company	False
How do I get my free annual credit report?	would you like to know more about free credit reports	True
What are specific dangers of asbestos?	what exactly do you wanto to know about the dangers of asbestos	True
Give me espn sports information.	are you looking for information on a specific league	True
tell me about mgb	are you looking for parts for the mgb	True
Tell me about avp	do you want to learn about our president	False
Tell me about Afganistan.	would you like historical information about afghanistan	True
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	would you like a website about this topic	False
Tell me about avp	are you looking for a list of all us presidents	False
What is equal opportunity employer?	are you looking for a specific web page	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	have you talked to your doctor about heart rate	False
Tell me about source of the nile	do you want to know what country the source is in	True
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	what year of volvo do you need information about	False
Tell me more about dnr	would you like to fill an application for a hunting licence	True
What is a 403b?	what year do you want to begin contributing 403b	True
What is Fickle Creek Farm	would you like to know more about the mayo clinic facilities and services	False
What should I know about the civil war	do you want to know how many people were killed	True
Where can I buy pressure washers?	do you want a pressure washer with a certain engine	True
Find information on Porterville.	are you looking to move here	True
What is yahoo	are you interested in a specific season of inuyasha	False
Find information about the secret garden.	what kind of wilson antenna are you interested in	False
Tell me about Bellevue.	do you want to know more about the bellevue washington local government	True
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	are you referring to the arizona state wildlife department	True
Find information on hip fractures	do you want to know how to treat the injury	True
Tell me about sonoma county medical services.	do you need any specific information on health insurance	True
Find information about flushing.	are you wanting to find income tax forms online	False
Find information about the gs pay rate	do you want to know the federal pay cap for 2018	True
Information about raffles	are you interested in buying tickets to a raffle	True
I am looking for sources of used car parts.	would you like to buy parts online or in person	True
Is Kenmore heater good	are you looking for a specific representative in relation to the company	False
How should I use the septic system design	ae you looking for examples of septic system design	True
Tell about an adobe indian house?	do you want to know where to find adobe indian houses	True
Find information about the secret garden.	are you looking for a garden in you area	True
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	are you referring to the specific company	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	are you referring to malignant lipolysis	True
Find information about tornadoes	are there any specific media type on your mind shall i play a video of tornadoes	True
I'm interested in InuYasha	are you interested in a specific season of inuyasha	True
I'm looking for flame designs	are you interested in finding a local tattoo shop that does flame design	True
Give me espn sports information.	what would you like to learn about the poconos	False
Tell me about sonoma county medical services.	are you looking for contact information	True
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	are you looking to buy an iron for your clothes	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	are you looking for the age of rick warren	True
I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	do you want a jax chemical company coupon	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	do you want information on jobs in arkansas	False
figs	are you looking for engineers in such field	False
What is von Willebrand Disease?	are you interested in the types of von willebrand disease	True
Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	are you trying to rent at a disneyland hotel	True
Find information about the gs pay rate	which gs tax bracket are you looking for	True
I'm looking for information on dieting	do you need anything specific in relation to counting calories you consume daily	True
Tell me about designer dog breeds.	do you want to know where to buy a designer dog breed	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	how would you like to lower your heart rate	False
Find me information on sat	do you want to know who grades your sats	True
Tell me information about Volvo.	are you trying to find more information about rick warren	False
Find information on French Lick Resort and Casino.	are you looking for a particular casino in french lick	True
Find information on raised gardens.	do you want to buy raised garden supplies	True
I need information about the University of Phoenix.	are you wondering where porterville is	False
tell me about rock and gem shows	would you like to learn about rock and gem shows in oregon	True
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	are you interested in the the nutritional value of butter and margarine	False
Tell me about sonoma county medical services.	do you need any specific information on health insurance	True
I'm looking for information on dieting	do you need anything specific in relation to counting calories you consume daily	True
to be or not to be that is the question	do you want to know where the quote came from	True
Information about bobcat	would you like to know the habitat of the bobcat	True
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	do you need a tool to design the site	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	would you like to know why its important to lower your heart rate	True
I'm interested in poker tournaments	where would you like to find poker tournaments	True
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	would you like the location of the arizona fish and game comission	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	are you planning to run or exercise	True
I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	do you need details on where jax chemical company is	True
figs	are you looking for the cost	False
What is a 403b?	do need to see any specific information about 403b eligibility	True
How to change the toilet in the house	do you need information on how to install a toilet	True
When can I see Churchil Downs	are you looking for attractions near churchill downs	True
Tell me about hotels in New York.	are you looking for an apartment in kansas city mo	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	are you referring to the insane person across the street	False
tell me about iron	do you want to know the average salary in this state	False
I'm looking for information on recycling lead acid batteries	which type of lead acid batteries do you want to recycle	True
Tell me about Korean language.	are you interested in the history of the korean language	True
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	are you looking for information of where to buy a elliptical trainer	False
I'm looking for information on VLDL levels	a total cholesterol of 180 to 200 mgdl 10 to 111 mmoll or less is considered best levels between 70 and 189 mgdl 39 and 105 mmoll are most often considered too high	True
How to change the toilet in the house	do you want to listen to songs from the music man	False
Tell me about Barbados.	are you interested in the history of barbados	True
Find information on hip fractures	which age group is of more interest to you	True
I'm looking for information about South Africa	do you want to know where south africa is	True
What is equal opportunity employer?	are you wanting information about west point	False
Tell me more about us presidents	are you interested in finding out the middle name of the most recent presidents	True
Give me air travel information.	what dates are you planning on traveiing	True
Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	what would you like to know about uplift	True
When can I see Churchil Downs	are you looking for directions to churchill downs	True
all men are created equal	would you like to learn about the author of that quote	True
Find information on Porterville.	are you looking for a contact number for the city government	True
what is the best long term care insurance	are you interested in hallmark visitors center	False
tell me about cass county missouri	do you have travel plans	True
what is the best long term care insurance	would you like to find out the different types of payment options for the best long term care insurance	True
Tell me about source of the nile	do you need to know who the ceo of jax chemical company is	False
I'm looking for information on dieting	are you interested in reading some inspirational quotations about dieting	True
How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	do you want to know the history of culpeper national cemetery	False
Information about bobcat	are you intereted in the diet of bobcats	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	would you like to find foods that will lower your heart rate	False
I'm looking for flame designs	are you looking for the stock symbol avp	False
how to build a fence?	are you referring to bellevue washington	False
Find information about flushing.	are you interested in ways to fix problems flushing the toilet	True
I'm looking for information on VLDL levels	would you like to know more about ldl	True
What is Fickle Creek Farm	are you located in jacksonville fl	False
I’m interested in old coins	did you find them	True
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	do you want to learn about our president	True
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	when do you want to take a gmat prep class	False
tell me about iron	do you want to know the iron composition of steel	True
Find condos in Florida.	are you interested in any specific city in florida	True
How do I get my free annual credit report?	are you looking for free internet phone service or are you willing to pay for it	False
Tell me about ps 2 games?	would you like to know more about ps2 console design	True
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	would you like to know the way to culpeper national cemetary	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	shall i take you to any specific pages of yahoo web site	False
What should I know about the civil war	is there a certain state that you are interested in seeing battles for	True
how to build a fence?	are you referring to bellevue iowa	False
Find information on Porterville.	are you looking to move here	True
Find information about Mitchell College.	are you looking for mitchell colleges tuition rates	True
Tell me about weather stripping	are you interested in weather strips for windows	True
Tell me about Korean language.	may i provide you medical definition of premature ventricular contractions	False
Tell me more on health clubs in Arkansas	are you looking for multiple health clubs in arkadelphia ar	True
tell me about cass county missouri	do you want to know about the schools in cass county missouri	True
I'm looking for information on dieting	will the dieting be in combination with exercise or weight training	True
Tell me about making chicken soup from scratch.	are you looking for all the ingredients for chicken soup	True
Tell me about american military university.	are you talking about the navel academy	True
I’m looking for the music man.	are you looking for reviews of the music man	True
Find information on Porterville.	do you want to see cookbooks for grilling	False
Tell me more on health clubs in Arkansas	do you want to know the hours of operation	False
Find information about penguins.	do you want to know about the nearest town named bellevue	False
Find information on hip fractures	are you interested in getting a quote for coverage	False
I'm interested in InuYasha	which inuyasha characters are you interested in	True
How to get organised?	are you looking for specific products related to getting organized	True
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	do you want to know about reviews on the bowflex power pro	True
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	is there a specific brand that you would like to know more about	False
Tell me about ps 2 games?	would you like to know more about ps2 console design	True
I am looking for sources of used car parts.	what type of car do you want parts for	True
Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	are you referring to a federally funded food stamp program or one that is funded by the state government	True
Find information about penguins.	are you referring to bellevue washington	False
What is Fickle Creek Farm	which treatments are you looking for at mayo clinic jacksonville fl	False
How to change the toilet in the house	do you want to watch the music man film	False
What are characteristics of Uranus	are you wondering the temperature of uranus	True
I need information about the University of Phoenix.	would like to know about any specific sports team	False
What is yahoo	which episodes of inuyasha would you like to see	False
tell me about ct jobs	do you want to know the average salary in this state	True
What is yahoo	are you interested in inuyasha wiki activity	False
How can I lower my heart rate?	are you interested in the music from inuyasha	False
tell me about tangible personal property tax	do you wnat sports scores	False
I need information about the University of Phoenix.	do you want to know the cost of attending the university of phoenix	True
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	do you want the location of the indiana state fairgrounds	True
Tell me about sonoma county medical services.	do you want information on the differenct services that are provided	True
I need information about the University of Phoenix.	would like to know about any specific sports team	False
Give me information on OCD.	are you interested in ocd medications	True
tell me about iron	do you want to watch funny penguin videos	False
Find information on ontario california airport.	what ammendities are you looking for in your airport	True
I'm looking for a wedding budget calculator	were you interested in a free or paid budget calculator	True
Tell me information about Volvo.	are you looking to buy a volvo	True
butter and margarine	would you like directions to the nearest iowa food stamp office	False
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you referring to bellevue iowa	True
Tell me more about us presidents	do you want to know what middle name is the most common for presidents	True
Find information about the secret garden.	would you like to know more about the short story by g k chesterton	True
Find information about elliptical trainer	do you want more information about the benefits of an elliptical trainer	True
What is yahoo	which episodes of inuyasha would you like to see	False
What is California Franchise Tax Board	do you want contact information for the board	True
Tell me more about dnr	what specific dnr are you referring to	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	do you need to know where you can purchase a grill	True
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	would you like to figure out iron alloys used to make stainless steel	False
Find information about the secret garden.	are you looking for flame design tracers	False
I'm looking for information on dieting	how fast would you like to lose weight	True
I’m interested in civil right movement	do you want to know who started the movement	True
What is Fickle Creek Farm	are you going to purchase anything there	True
tell me about wilson antenna	are you referring to the college in new london conneticut	False
I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	do you need to know who the ceo of jax chemical company is	True
discovery channel store	do you want to know how a us president is elected	False
Take me to the current.	do you need directions to the indiana state fairgrounds	False
What are the best recepies for grilling	do you want more informaiton about grilling vegtables	True
tell me about idaho state flower	are you interested in where they grow	True
to be or not to be that is the question	are you interested in the quote from shakespeare or the quote used in another context	True
What is equal opportunity employer?	would you like to know more about its history	False
What is martha stewart and imclone?	which martha stewart and imclone television show episdoe are you looking for	True
Tell me about Afganistan.	are you looking for a map of afghanistan	True
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	are you looking for homeopathic sore throat treatments	False
Tell me about sonoma county medical services.	do you want information on the differenct services that are provided	True
Tell me about vanuatu	are you looking fro a gs base payscale table for 2018	False
TV on computer	are you interested in where the bowflex power pro is produced	False
Tell me about Barbados.	are you looking for a specific website	True
Information about bobcat	what breed of bobcat are you looking for more information about	True
Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	are you looking for toilet cleaners	False
Tell me information about Volvo.	which model of volvo are you interested in getting information about	True
Tell me about avp	do you want an acronym meanining for avp	True
I'm looking for information on hobby stores	what type of hobby are you looking for	True
What is martha stewart and imclone?	do you want information about which sports espn covers	False
Tell me information about Volvo.	are you wanting writings by the pastor	False
Find information about penguins.	do you want to hear about the pittsburgh penguins	True
Find information about the gs pay rate	are you looking for information about any specific federal agencies	True
I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	do you want to know about the latest research in lymphoma in dogs	True
I’m looking for the music man.	do you need tickets for the music man	True
What is yahoo	are you interested in inuyasha wiki activity	False
Tell me about Pocono	what would you like to do in the poconos	True
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	would you like to know more about the gmat test	False
Tell me more about HP mini 2140	are you looking for the nearest store you can buy hp mini 2140	True
Find Brooks Brothers clearance.	are you interested in brooks brothers clearance shirts	True
I’m looking for the music man.	are you looking for the current performance of the music man	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	are you searching for an image for lipoma	True
Tell me about Barbados.	are you looking for a clinic for lipoma treatment	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	do you want to access yahoos twitter feed	False
What are characteristics of Uranus	are you wondering what uranus is made of	True
I’m looking for information on worm	are you interested in korean language degrees	False
map	are you traveling	True
Information about east ridge high school.	are you looking for east ridge high school in woodbury mn	True
Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	do you want the address	True
What is yahoo	are you interested in inuyasha cosplay	False
tell me about iron	would you like to buy supplements	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	do you want to read reviews of hp mini 2140	False
How should I use the septic system design	would you like the arizona state fish and game comissions contact information	False
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	are you looking for a specific web site	False
How can I adopt a dog	do you need information on how to install a toilet	False
How should I use the septic system design	ae you looking for examples of septic system design	True
I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	are you looking to find out what game platforms you can play the beatles rock bank game on	True
Is Kenmore heater good	are you referring to the lab in seattle	False
Tell me about avp	do you want to learn about our president	False
Tell me about Bellevue.	do you want to learn where to purchase fishing bait	False
How to get organised?	do you need tips on diy organizational methods	True
How should I use the septic system design	are you interested in a standard gravity type of design 3 feet of absorbant soil	True
Tell me about hotels in New York.	would you want to know what is in a credit report	False
I’m looking for blue throated hummingbird	are you curious about the size	True
Tell me about Neil Young.	which part of neil youngs life are you interested in	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you looking bellevue square mall	True
Tell me about vanuatu	do you want to know the population	True
Tell me information about Volvo.	are you looking to buy a volvo	True
Find information about Mitchell College.	are you referring to a specific company	False
Tell about an adobe indian house?	do you need any specific information about people who resided in adobe houses	True
tell me about tangible personal property tax	what area are you asking about	True
Find information on ontario california airport.	is there anywhere in california youd like to go visit	True
I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	are you referring to the specific company	False
Tell me more on Kansas city railroad	are you interested in knowing more about a computer worm	False
I am looking for sources of used car parts.	would you like to buy parts online or in person	True
Tell me about the sit and reach test.	do you want to know who should take the test	True
I'd like to learn about joints	what images of joints would you like to see	True
Tell me more on health clubs in Arkansas	would you like to be friends on facebook with arkadelphia health club	True
What is Fickle Creek Farm	what is ralph owen brewsters background	False
I'm looking for information on dieting	would you like a list of area doctors that can give professional advice on dieting	True
Find me information about the Ritz Carlton Lake Las Vegas.	would you like to know where ritz carlton lake las vegas is on a map	True
I'm looking for flame designs	do you think your dog is in heat	False
What is Fickle Creek Farm	would you like to know the phone number of mayo clinic jacksonville fl	False
Tell me about cell phones.	would you like to read some reviews	False
Find me information on sat	do you need information about the san antonio international airport	True
I'm looking for universal animal cuts reviews	were you interested in the side effects of universal animal cuts	True
Find me information about diabetes education	do you want help finding a medical doctor for diabetes education	True
TV on computer	are you looking for health facts of butter and mararine	False
I'm looking for information on hobby stores	will tihs hobby involve excercise equipment	True
Tell me about kansas city mo	are you looking for a specific web site	True
Tell me about Obama family tree.	how many generations would you like me to list from president obamas family tree	True
Where can I find information about forearm pain?	are you interested in the anatomy of forearms	True
I want to learn about rock art.	do you wnat to decorate with rock art	True
I'm interested in dinosaurs	which dinosaurs are you interested in	True
TV on computer	are you looking for butter and margarine comparison	False
How to prepare for the GMAT?	do you want to know the nearest vet that can help	False
Where can I find information about forearm pain?	there are some interesting articles on preventing forearm pain are you interested	True
how to build a fence?	do you want to know about the nearest town named bellevue	False
What are signs of a heartattack?	are you interested in black celebrities	False
I'm looking for flame designs	would you want to buy flame design stickers	True
how to build a fence?	are you looking for places to buy fencebuilding materials	True
discovery channel store	do you want information on the current us president	False
Tell me about Bellevue.	do you want to know how many different types of worms there are	False
Tell me information about Volvo.	are you looking for a dealer in a specific location	True
Tell me about fybromyalgia	do you need mediciation for fibromyalgia	True
Find information about the secret garden.	would you like to read some reviews of wilson antennas	False
What is Fickle Creek Farm	do you want to know the location of fickle creek farm	True
What is equal opportunity employer?	would you like to know the history of the equal opportunity employer act	True
Tell me about ron howard.	would you want to know about ron howards acting career	True
How can I adopt a dog	do you want to adopt dogs for free	True
What is California Franchise Tax Board	are you trying to login to the boards website	True
I'd like to learn about joints	are you experiencing joint issues	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	do you know someone named rick warren	True
I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	do you need contact information	True
Find information on ontario california airport.	would you like to buy tickets to california	True
Find information on Porterville.	are you looking for a hotel near porterville	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	would you like to know what effects hart beat rate	True
Tell me more on Kansas city railroad	do you want to know where worms come from	False
tell me about iron	do you want to know who is hiring here	False
I'm looking for flame designs	do you want to know how male vs female avps in a company	False
Find information on Porterville.	are you interested in a recipe for grilled chicken	False
I'd like to learn about moths	are you interested in what draws a moth to flame	True
I am looking for sources of used car parts.	do you want to recycle used car parts	True
tell me about uss yorktown charleston SC	do you want to watch funny penguin videos	False
I'm interested in mothers day songs	would you like to know about rock and gem shows in washington	False
tell me about iron	do you know about why its important to have iron in your diet	True
How do I get my free annual credit report?	are you looking for a free internet phone service	False
tell me about rock and gem shows	are you curious about rock and gem shows	True
Tell me about of Ralph Owen Brester.	would you like to see the most effective methods of gmat prep	False
how to build a fence?	are you looking for a hospital in new york ny	False
Find information about atari	would you like to see a list of atari games	True
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	would you like to see an instruction manual	True
Tell me about fybromyalgia	is your volvo having a maintenance issue	False
what is the best long term care insurance	would you like to know the age should to start buying best long term care insurance	True
Tell me information about Volvo.	are you looking for a specific web site	True
Tell me about american military university.	are you interested in coloring books	False
what are the popular jobs in Michigan	what kind of media are you interested in there are many videos and still frames of the secret garden from its movies plays tv musical and opera productions	False
What is equal opportunity employer?	would you like to see jobs around you that are equal opportunity employers	True
tell me about ct jobs	are you looking for any legal information	True
map	do you need traveling assistance or direction	True
Tell me about the sit and reach test.	are you trying to determine how well you did	True
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	what price range of cell phones are you interested in	False
discovery channel store	are you looking for a certain store location	True
Is Kenmore heater good	is there any specific information that you would like to know about employment requirements at pnl	False
Tell me about vines for shade.	do you want to know if martha stweart works for the company	False
How should I use the septic system design	do you want information about the arizona game and fish department	False
Find information about penguins.	do you need information about bellevue nebraska	False
tell me about wilson antenna	are you referring to the college in new london conneticut	False
What is yahoo	how would you like to lower your heart rate	False
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	are you looking for the first president ever	True
Tell me about texas border patrol.	do you want to know how to become one	True
tell me about UNC	do you want to know internet phone service providers	False
What is martha stewart and imclone?	do you want to know if this is the company martha stewart went to jail for	True
What to do in Arkansas	would you like to know about david thompson	False
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	which president are you looking for	True
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	any specific company on your mind	False
What can I do in sherwood regional library	do you want to find a book	True
Information about east ridge high school.	do you need the address of east ridge high school	True
Give me espn sports information.	do you want to know who owns espn	True
Find information about penguins.	are you looking for bellevue baptist church	False
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	would you like to know the history of the bowflex power pro	True
How to register dmv in va?	do you want to know how many species are there of vines for shade	False
Find me information about the Last Supper painting.	do you want to know who painted the last supper painting	True
Tell me about Neil Young.	do you want to find related artists	True
I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	do you need directions to east ridge high school	False
tell me about wilson antenna	are you looking for flame designs for a tattoo	False
What is a 403b?	are you looking for the information how 403b plan works	True
What is equal opportunity employer?	would you like to know if you are eligible for equal opportunity employment	True
all men are created equal	are you trying to look up the constitution	True
How to cook pork tenderlion	price of a pork tenderloin	True
Tell me about Pocono	what major are you interested in	False
Tell me about avp	are you looking for any specific information in relation to beach volleyball	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	how much do you need to lower your heart rate	False
Tell me about vines for shade.	are you putting the ivy on a trellis	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	do you want to know the most famous person from arkansas	False
Find information about Mitchell College.	are you referring to a specific company	False
tell me about uss yorktown charleston SC	do you need information for group or individual ticket prices for tours of the uss yorktown	True
Give me information on OCD.	are you looking for specific information related to parents of children with ocd	True
What are signs of a heartattack?	are you experiencing a heart attack	True
How can I adopt a dog	do you want to adopt from a shelter or an individual owner	True
What is California Franchise Tax Board	do you want to know the address	True
What is yahoo	are you interested in the music from inuyasha	False
What is yahoo	are you interested in inuyasha cosplay	False
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	would you like to know how internet phone service works	True
I'm looking for information on hobby stores	why type of hobby arts and crafts or sports	True
I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	are you trying to find out the rating of the beatles rock band game	True
Tell me more on health clubs in Arkansas	is arkadelphia in the name of the health club	True
Find me information on sat	do you want to know the date for this saturday	True
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	which president are you looking for	True
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	do you need repair information	False
Tell me about kansas city mo	wou you like to know more about 3in1 credit reports	False
Find information on ontario california airport.	what ammendities are you looking for in your airport	True
Tell me about avp	are you looking for a specific web site	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	are you experiencing a heart attack	False
I'm looking for universal animal cuts reviews	would you like to see the lowest reviews for universal animal cuts	True
figs	would you like to know the climate figs are found in	True
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	are you looking for historical information about the indiana state fairgrounds	True
I’m looking for the music man.	are you trying to find videos about the music man	True
how to hire disc jockey	are you looking for djs	True
Find information about atari	are you interested in buying a new atari game console	True
Find me information about PVC	are you interested in a certain fitting for a pvc pipe	True
What is equal opportunity employer?	would you like to know what the equal opportunity employer act is	True
Tell me about source of the nile	are you interested in a specific type of product	False
tell me about wilson antenna	what do you want to use the antenna for	True
Is Kenmore heater good	are you looking for jobs in richland	False
Give me espn sports information.	do you want information about a specific espn sports program	True
tell me about cass county missouri	there are some interesting historical facts about cass county shall i show them to you	True
How to cook pork tenderlion	would you like to marinate your pork tenderloin	True
tell me about cass county missouri	there are some interesting historical facts about cass county shall i show them to you	True
Find information on raised gardens.	what type of information about raised gardens are you looking for	True
Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	are you interested in how much you can get from this program	True
Find information about penguins.	are you looking for any specific information about the birds	True
I'm looking for flame designs	would you like to know the symptoms of a dog in heat	False
Tell me about vines for shade.	do you want to know how to plant a vine for shade	True
what are continental plates	do you need an exact definition	True
I'm looking for information about South Africa	would you like to know the distance of south africa	True
figs	would you like to know where you can buy figs	True
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	would you like to see arizona hunting trip information	True
What are signs of a heartattack?	would you like me to direct you to emergency services	True
tell me about rice?	are you referring to a person named rice	True
Tell me more about satilies	are you interested in learning more about satellite phones or radio	True
Tell me about kansas city mo	are you looking for casinos in kansas city missouri	True
Tell me about vines for shade.	are you looking for a flowering ivy	True
What is a 403b?	would you like to see alternative retirement accounts	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	are you looking for weather in arkansas	False
Tell me more about satilies	are you talking about a spacecraft or a song	True
tell me about ct jobs	are you looking for some photos	False
Tell me about the sit and reach test.	do you want to purchase a box to measure with	True
Information about east ridge high school.	are you seaching for east ridge high school community education	True
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	are you looking for the current president of the united states	True
Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	are you looking for a specific web page	False
who invented music	are you interested in music streaming	True
What is yahoo	are you interested in a specific season of inuyasha	False
How can one can become highway patrol	are you interested in who is in charge of the tn highway patrol	True
tell me about idaho state flower	do you want to know how to take care of it	True
I'm interested in dinosaurs	do you want to obtain forms from the dmv	False
I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	do you need the address of jax chemical company	True
Give me information on OCD.	are you looking for a test to check for ocd	True
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	are you looking for reviews of gmat prep classes	False
Tell me about Bellevue.	do you want to know how many different types of worms there are	False
tell me about iron	do you want to know the iron composition of steel	True
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	do you need technical support related to your service	True
Tell me about fybromyalgia	do you need to know the cause of it	True
Tell me about Barbados.	are you referring to a medical condition for your pet	False
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	would you like to see some different exercises which can be done with this equipment	True
Find information about the secret garden.	are you interested in finding a local tattoo shop that does flame design	False
Find information on raised gardens.	are you looking for any specific photos	True
how to hire disc jockey	would you like to know the way to culpeper national cemetary	False
TV on computer	do you want to buy some parts for this equipment	False
Find me information about the Ritz Carlton Lake Las Vegas.	are you wanting a room at the ritz carlton in las vegas	True
What to do in Arkansas	are you looking for arkansas history	True
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	are you trying to determine whats a safe amount of iron in your blood	False
Tell me about Barbados.	are you interested in barbados ecology	True
How to change the toilet in the house	would you like to know the best way to clean a toilet	True
What is yahoo	what is the heart rate youre looking to achieve	False
Tell me more about dnr	would you like to find a plane ticket to barbados	False
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	are you looking for a list of all us presidents	True
What is martha stewart and imclone?	are you looking for information on a specific league	False
I'm interested in poker tournaments	are you interested in learning how to play poker	True
Find sewing instructions for me	would you like to know some basic tips for sewing	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	do you want dietary recommendations	False
Tell me more on Kansas city railroad	are you trying to find out about the kcs mental health clinic	True
Is Kenmore heater good	are you looking to purchase or repair a unit	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	do you have high blood pressure	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you interested in ways to fix problems flushing the toilet	False
What are signs of a heartattack?	would you like me to direct you to emergency services	True
Tell me information about Volvo.	are you asking what year the company originated	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	do you want to compare different models	False
tell me about iron	are you trying to determine whats a safe amount of iron in your blood	True
Find information on French Lick Resort and Casino.	would you like to know what are their most popular vehicles	False
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you looking for a dictionary	False
Tell me about american military university.	what degree in particular would you like to know more about from the american military unviersity	True
Tell me more about satilies	are you looking for a company which provides internet services	True
Find me information about PVC	are you looking for methods on how to repair leaks in pvc pipe	True
tell me about uss yorktown charleston SC	do you need information for group or individual ticket prices for tours of the uss yorktown	True
Find information about the secret garden.	would you like to know about where to purchase a wilson antenna	False
Tell me information about a sore throat.	would you like to know where indiana state fairgrounds is on a map	False
Tell me about er television show.	do you want to know what time er tv show is on	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	are you looking for a recipe for grilled fish	True
tell me about idaho state flower	would you like to know what the idaho sate flower is	True
What was electoral college 2008 results?	do you want results from both parties	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	are you referring to the company or the term do not resuscitate	False
Information about east ridge high school.	are you looking for a second hand music store near you	False
Find me information about the sales tax in Illinois.	do you want to get helping completing your illinois state tax return	True
Find information about penguins.	are you looking for a specific web page	True
Tell me about kansas city mo	are you interested in hallmark visitors center	True
Find me information about diabetes education	are you looking for a specific web site	True
How can I adopt a dog	what size is your toilet	False
Find information about tornadoes	do you need to know the difference between a watch and a warning	True
all men are created equal	would you like to learn about the origin of that quote	True
Tell me about weather stripping	do you want to learn how to install weather strips on doors	True
who invented music	do you want to know the first song ever recorded	True
I'm looking for flame designs	what kind of pictures are you looking for	True
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	is there a medical condition that you are looking heal	True
tell me about dark chocolate health benefits	are you interested in the different candles dark chocolate is made into	True
tell me about diversity	would you like the legal definition of diversity	True
Tell me about Korean language.	are you looking for korean language symbols	True
map	do you want a map with driving directions	True
Find information about the wall	do you want to know the news about the border wall	True
Find information about the secret garden.	are you looking for a specific web page	False
tell me about iron	are you interested in knowing how iron is made	True
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	do you want information on the current us president	True
Tell me information about computer programming.	are you looking to see how much computer programming lessons cost	True
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	when do you want to take a gmat prep class	False
How should I use the septic system design	are you looking for a specific web page	False
Tell me about hotels in New York.	would you like to see a listing for hotels in kansas city	False
Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	do you need requirements for food stamps in iowa	True
How to change the toilet in the house	are you looking for specific products related to toilets	True
tell me about mgb	are you looking for how to use mgb	True
Find me information about diabetes education	do you want to find some resoutces	True
Tell me about ps 2 games?	would you like to learn how to cheat in ps2 games	True
who invented music	are you interested in the invention of modern music or the beginning of all music	True
What is California Franchise Tax Board	do you need recommendations for djs	False
Tell me information about Volvo.	what would you like to know about yahoo	False
What are signs of a heartattack?	would you like to see ways of temporarily slowing a heart attack	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	do you want to know about worm castings	False
Tell me about texas border patrol.	do you want to know information about the patrol	True
what are continental plates	are you looking for information on plate tectonics and the lithosphere	True
What is equal opportunity employer?	were you interested in applying to the american military university or just recieving an informational brochure	False
What is Fickle Creek Farm	are you looking for specific information regarding fickle creek farm	True
tell me about dark chocolate health benefits	do you want to know the origins of dark chocolate	True
who invented music	are you looking for who invented the first instruments	True
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	are you interested in history of presidents	True
tell me about rock and gem shows	are you looking for a specific dinosaur	False
What are the best recepies for grilling	are you interested in a recipe for grilled chicken	True
I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	in which state are you looking for east ridge high school	False
Tell me about sonoma county medical services.	are you looking for employment with sonoma country medical	True
Tell me about vanuatu	do you want a map	True
tell me about iron	would you like to know about iron deficiencies	True
Find information on ontario california airport.	would you like to hear departure times for ontario california airport	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	would you like to know about normal heart rate	False
Tell me about ps 2 games?	are you referring to playstation 2 games	True
Tell me information about computer programming.	do you want to know how to do computer programming	True
Tell me information about Volvo.	shall i take you to any specific pages of yahoo web site	False
Find information on hip fractures	would you like to know more about sliding glass doors	False
Give me air travel information.	would you like to book a flight	True
tell me about idaho state flower	do you want to know when the idaho state flower was named	True
Find information on Porterville.	are you looking for a grill for grilling food	False
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	do you need to know how to trun a grill on	False
How can I lower my heart rate?	do you have any medical conditions	True
Tell me about source of the nile	what would you like to know about rock and gem shows	False
What is yahoo	would you like to know more about kagome higurashi	False
I'm interested in mothers day songs	are you wanting to know its location	False
how to hire disc jockey	are you looking for reviews of djs	True
Give me information on OCD.	would you like to know more about ocd	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	would you like to know more about the gmat test	True
How should I use the septic system design	are you interested in a pressure distributon design 2 feet of absorbant soil	True
TV on computer	are you interested in the the nutritional value of butter and margarine	False
What is martha stewart and imclone?	do you want an espn sports schedule	False
Give me espn sports information.	do you want to know about special events on espn	True
where to find morel mushrooms	are you looking to eat the mushrooms	True
Tell me about Korean language.	are you trying to learn the korean language	True
Where can I buy pressure washers?	are you looking to rent a pressure washer	True
Information about raffles	are you trying to look up the results of a raffle in your area	True
Tell me about madam cj walker	would you like to know about walkers method of perming hair	True
Tell me about source of the nile	would you like to know what the nile is composed of	True
Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	are you looking for flame design tracers	False
how to build a fence?	are you looking for instructions to build a fence	True
I'm looking for universal animal cuts reviews	would you like to review universal animal cuts	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	which episodes of inuyasha would you like to see	False
Information about raffles	where would you like your raffle to take place	True
What is martha stewart and imclone?	do you want information about espn sports programming in languages other than english	False
How do I get my free annual credit report?	do you need information on residential or business	False
Find information on raised gardens.	do you want to know how to create a raised garden	True
What was electoral college 2008 results?	can i give the percentages for a specific party	True
Tell me more about HP mini 2140	do you need technical specifications for the hp mini 2140	True
Tell me about scooters.	are you trying to build a scooter	True
Where can I find information about forearm pain?	are you looking for a specific method to cure your forearm pain	True
Information about raffles	are you interested in raffles in which one can enter and win	True
Tell me about designer dog breeds.	do you need information on any specific hybrids	True
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	are you referring to the specific company	True
Tell me about Barbados.	are you interested in visiting barbados	True
Tell me about kansas city mo	are you looking for casinos in kansas city missouri	True
I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	do you want to know the responsibilities of a paralegal	True
Tell me about source of the nile	do you want a map	True
Give me espn sports information.	which mountain ski resort would you like information around the pocono area	False
Tell me about vanuatu	what year do you want to know the gs pay rate for	False
What are specific dangers of asbestos?	are you asking about the dangers of asbestos siding	True
What are signs of a heartattack?	are you interested in black history	False
butter and margarine	do you want themed maps	False
I'm looking for flame designs	would you like stock information for avon products incorporated	False
Where can I find cheap internet	are you interested in finding cheap items on the internet	True
Tell me more about HP mini 2140	is there any specific information that you would like to know about employment requirements at pnl	False
What is a 403b?	do you need 403b calculator	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	do you want to go to arkansas	False
Tell me about of Ralph Owen Brester.	may i tell you about brewsters parents where and when he was born	True
Tell me about hotels in New York.	are you interested in new york hotel prices	True
Find information about flushing.	are you interested in korean language classes	False
I'm looking for information on duchess county tourism	did you want to know about the dutchess county tourism center	True
How to change the toilet in the house	would you like a new toilet	True
Find information about Mitchell College.	are you looking for any specific information in relation to beach volleyball	False
Give me information on OCD.	are you looking for specific information related to parents of children with ocd	True
Find information about flushing.	would you like information on filing income taxes	False
Looking for information about the Orange County Convention Center	do you need a taxi	True
Tell me about making chicken soup from scratch.	are you looking for restaurants that are selling chicken soup from scratch	True
Tell me about Korean language.	a total cholesterol of 180 to 200 mgdl 10 to 111 mmoll or less is considered best levels between 70 and 189 mgdl 39 and 105 mmoll are most often considered too high	False
Find me information about diabetes education	would you like to take some courses on web design	False
what is the best long term care insurance	is there a specific neighborhood you are interested in	False
I'm looking for information on dieting	will the dieting be in combination with exercise or weight training	True
How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	do you want to know how to display your computer on a tv	False
how to build a fence?	are you looking for bellevue baptist church	False
What is California Franchise Tax Board	would you like a list of common interview questions	False
What should I know about the civil war	are you looking for a union victory	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you referring to bellevue iowa	True
Tell me information about computer programming.	are you looking for a job in computer programming	True
tell me about iron	are you looking for listings with a particular skill set	False
Tell me about fybromyalgia	which part of volvo are you interested in	False
Tell me more on health clubs in Arkansas	are you looking for any specific information about arkadelphia health club	True
Tell me more about dnr	are you interested in visiting barbados	False
How do I get my free annual credit report?	would you like to know about credit scores	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	do you want to know about the nearest town named bellevue	True
Give me air travel information.	would you like to know more about carryon luggage rules	True
Tell me about fybromyalgia	are you looking for a dealer in a specific location	False
Give me espn sports information.	are you looking for standings of a specific sport	True
Find information on Porterville.	are you interested in kabob recipes	False
I need information on income tax return online	would you like to know about premature ventricular contractions medical treatments	False
How can one can become highway patrol	are you interested in knowing where the tennesse high patrol check points	True
tell me about mgb	are you looking for mini gastric bypass surgery	True
I'm interested in InuYasha	which inuyasha characters are you interested in	True
How can I quick smoking	are you looking for information on how to quit smoking	True
tell me about ct jobs	are you looking for jobs in the state of conneticut	True
discovery channel store	do you want to see the store catalogue	True
Find information about flushing.	are you looking for nearby classes	False
Find information on French Lick Resort and Casino.	are you looking for a dealer in a specific location	False
I’m looking for the music man.	are you looking for wilson antenna parts	False
What is Fickle Creek Farm	do you want to know the animal population at fickle creek farm	True
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	is there any specific information that you would like to know about employment requirements at pnl	True
Tell me information about Volvo.	would you like to know what their rating is compare to other car companies	True
what are the popular jobs in Michigan	do you need need information related to unemployed services in michigan	True
What is yahoo	would you like to know more about the inuyasha illustrator and writer	False
Tell me about Korean language.	are you interested in ways to reduce vldl levels	False
Tell me about cell phones.	what brand of cell phones are you interested in	True
How can one can become highway patrol	did you want to know what the tenessee highway patrol cars look like	True
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	are you looking for a free internet phone service	True
Tell me about kansas city mo	are you interested in the whereabouts of the university of carolina	False
What is equal opportunity employer?	are you looking for specific information regarding an equal opportunity employer	True
tell me about rice?	are you interested in a specific web page	True
Tell me about madam cj walker	would you like historical information on madam cj walker	True
How can I adopt a dog	are you trying to find specific toilet parts	False
who invented music	are you looking for who invented the first instruments	True
I'm interested in poker tournaments	are you interested in learning how to play poker	True
Tell me more about dnr	do you want to know how much dnr costs	True
What is California Franchise Tax Board	do you need specific forms to fill out	True
tell me about rice?	are you looking for rice university	True
Find me information about the Ritz Carlton Lake Las Vegas.	are you looking for the closest lake to the ritz carlton in las vegas	True
discovery channel store	are you looking to buy an iron for your clothes	False
Find information about the wall	do you want to know the news about the border wall	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	are you looking for the magazine the grilling	True
tell me about tangible personal property tax	what area are you asking about	True
Tell me about cell phones.	are you looking for a specific website	False
Find information about penguins.	are you looking for any specific information about the birds	True
Tell me about Barbados.	are you interested in barbados	True
Find condos in Florida.	are you planning to live there or are you looking for an investment property	True
Tell me about american military university.	are you interested in a specific type of product	False
Tell me information about computer programming.	are you looking for computer programming schools near you	True
I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	do you want to learn about the law	True
Information about raffles	are you interested in the movie raffles	True
tell me about idaho state flower	would you like to know how big they grow	True
I'm interested in poker tournaments	do you want to watch a tournament online	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	how would you like to lower your heart rate	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	how would you like to lower your heart rate	False
Tell me about ron howard.	what would you like to know about his family	True
Find information about penguins.	are you looking for the university the bellevue	False
tell me about tangible personal property tax	what would you like to know about uplift	False
How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	do you want to know what sites you can watch tv on the computer at	False
tell me about wilson antenna	the history of flame design	False
Tell me about sonoma county medical services.	are you located in jacksonville fl	False
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	do you need to apply for food stamps in iowa	False
How can I lower my heart rate?	which ps 2 game franchises are you interested in	False
Tell me information about a sore throat.	are you wondering what causes sore throat	True
Find information about elliptical trainer	what breed of dogs are you looking for	False
Find information on Porterville.	would you like information on arizona wildlife	False
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	what year do you want to know the president for	True
What is yahoo	are you interested in the list of inuyasha characters	False
Information about east ridge high school.	would you like to know cheap ways to grow vines	False
Tell me about ron howard.	are you interested in ron howards personal life	True
Tell me about weather stripping	do you want to learn how to install weather strips on doors	True
Tell me about Obama family tree.	what is ralph owen brewser famous for	False
How to prepare for the GMAT?	what score would you like to achieve on the gmat test	True
Find sewing instructions for me	would you like written instructions or a video	True
Tell me information about a sore throat.	are you looking for doctors that treat sore throats	True
I'm interested in InuYasha	how would you like to watch inuyasha episodes	True
Tell me about avp	would you like information about the association of volleyball professionals	True
Find me information about the sales tax in Illinois.	what info about the state tax are you looking for	True
Tell me about the sit and reach test.	do you want to purchase a box to measure with	True
figs	if youre interested in recipes would you like savory or sweet receipes do you have other specific ingredients in mind	True
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	are you looking for a list of foods that are a good source of iron	False
I'm looking for flame designs	do you want to know how long a female dogs heat lasts	False
How to register dmv in va?	do you want to know how to plant a vine for shade	False
Tell me about avp	would you like stock information for avon products incorporated	True
Tell me about Barbados.	are you looking for nearby medical practices that treat the condition	False
tell me about mgb	are you looking for what mgb stands for	True
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	would you like to know more about the gmat test	False
Where can I find information about forearm pain?	are you looking for doctors that treat forearm pain	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you looking for directions to bellevue	True
Tell me about weather stripping	are you looking for black history books	False
how to build a fence?	would you like to see notable residents of bellevue washington	False
Find sewing instructions for me	would you like written instructions or a video	True
I’m looking for information on worm	are you trying to learn the korean language	False
Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	are you interesting in buying furniture	True
Tell me about Korean language.	do you need to register to file your tax return online	False
Tell me about Korean language.	are you interested in korean language classes	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	do you want to know more about companies headquartered in bellevue washington	True
I’m looking for the music man.	are you looking for reviews of the music man	True
Give me information about tribe formerly living in alabama	are you interested in all tribes formerly living in alabama or just one tribe	True
I want to learn about rock art.	would you like to know anything specific about rock music	True
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	do you need the address or location for the company	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	how would you like to lower your heart rate	True
Find me information about the Ritz Carlton Lake Las Vegas.	would you like the location of the ritz carlton lake las vegas	True
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	are you trying to compare android to ios	False
Tell me about ps 2 games?	are you looking for a specific web site	False
TV on computer	do you want to buy some parts for this equipment	False
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	are you looking for a suitable elliptical machine to use at home	False
How to prepare for the GMAT?	would you like to know more about the gmat test	True
Tell me about source of the nile	would you like to know what the nile is composed of	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	would you like to know about normal heart rate	True
What is yahoo	are you interested in a certain inuyasha character	False
How do I get my free annual credit report?	are you interested in a list of companies in which you can get credit reports	True
I'd like to learn about joints	are you looking to buy joints	True
I want to learn about rock art.	do you want examples of rock art	True
I'm looking for universal animal cuts reviews	would you like to see comparable products to universal animal cuts	True
Tell me more about dnr	do you want to know how much dnr costs	True
Tell me more about satilies	do you want to figure out the benefits of satellite tv over cable tv	True
I'd like to learn about moths	are you wondering what moths eat	True
What is Fickle Creek Farm	are you wanting to visit this hospital because of a friend or family	False
How should I use the septic system design	do you need to find hunting and fishing grounds in arizona	False
Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	are you interested to see images of it	True
Give me information about Titan.	are you looking for the latest tennessee titans scores	True
Give me information on OCD.	do you want examples of ocd	True
Find information about penguins.	are you referring to bellevue nebraska	False
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	are you looking for gmat prep classes near you	False
What is yahoo	are you interested in a certain inuyasha character	False
I need information on income tax return online	are you wanting to find income tax forms online	True
Give me espn sports information.	are you looking for information on a specific sport	True
How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	would you like to know more information about writing a thank you email	True
what is the best long term care insurance	are you interested in the cost for best long term care insurance or short term	True
tell me about cass county missouri	is there any specific information that you are looking for	True
Find information about penguins.	do you want to watch funny penguin videos	True
Give me espn sports information.	would you like to know where figs grow	False
I'm looking for information on dieting	what kinds of specialized diets are you interested in	True
What can I do in sherwood regional library	do you want to know the hours of operation	True
I’m interested in civil right movement	do you want to know who the people were who started the civil rights movement	True
tell me about idaho state flower	do you need directions to french lick resort and casino	False
How to change the toilet in the house	what size is your toilet	True
What is equal opportunity employer?	what do you need to know about equal opportunity employment	True
tell me about wilson antenna	do you have a specific purpose for the antenna	True
How can one can become highway patrol	are you interested to fill a survey for them	True
tell me about wilson antenna	would you like to know about where to purchase a wilson antenna	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	would you like to know about normal heart rate	False
Tell me about american military university.	would you like to place an order	False
How to change the toilet in the house	do you need to know how to measure a toilet for installation	True
Tell me information about a sore throat.	are you experiencing a flare up	False
What is yahoo	are you interested in inuyasha wiki activity	False
Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	do you want information about a specific espn sports program	False
Find information about elliptical trainer	would you like to know where you can buy a discounted or used elliptical trainer	True
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	do you want to know about the office of the president of the us	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	do you have any medical conditions	False
Find information about the wall	would you like to know the rules of the wall game show	True
Tell me about texas border patrol.	do you want to know where their headquarters is located	True
I am looking for sources of used car parts.	are you looking for used car parts for a particular model of car	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	do you want to know more about the bellevue washington local government	True
Tell me about kansas city mo	would you like to directions to kansas city	True
Where can I buy pressure washers?	do you need a pressure washer shipped directly	True
I'm interested in InuYasha	are you interested in inuyasha wiki activity	True
how to build a fence?	are you referring to bellevue nebraska	False
What are specific dangers of asbestos?	do you want to know how to display your computer on a tv	False
Tell me about vines for shade.	are you looking for a specific web site	False
Tell me about Korean language.	are you interested in information about the difference between vldl and hdl levels	False
tell me about ct jobs	are you interested in the common jobs in connecticut	True
What is a 403b?	are you looking for withdrawal rules for 403b plan	True
Tell me about black history.	are you looking for casinos in kansas city missouri	False
What is yahoo	are you looking for specific fanrelated information	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	do you want to access yahoo mail	False
What to do in Arkansas	would you like to read about colleges in arkansas	True
I'm interested in poker tournaments	do you want to watch a tournament online	True
What are characteristics of Uranus	is there a specific type of fact that you want to know	True
What is martha stewart and imclone?	do you want to know if martha stweart works for the company	True
what are continental plates	are yoiu looking for information on plate tectonics	True
I need information on income tax return online	are you looking to buy pvc pipe	False
What is martha stewart and imclone?	do you want information about espn sports personalities	False
Tell about an adobe indian house?	are you going to purchase any specific product related to your search	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you interested in knowing more about a computer worm	False
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	do you have a cough as well	False
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	do you want to know the term length of a us president	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	how would you like to watch inuyasha episodes	False
I'm looking for flame designs	would you rather read some reviews about avp antivirus	False
Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	what information would you like in regards to an equal opportunity employer	False
what are the seven deadly sins	according to anima the bible or what other source	True
tell me about tangible personal property tax	do you have any dependents on your record	True
Tell me about avp	do you want to know about a management position	True
map	what place do you want a map of	True
Tell me information about Volvo.	are you wanting to see videos by the pastor	False
Tell me about texas border patrol.	are you looking for a specific web page	True
Is Kenmore heater good	do you seek further information on lab breeders	False
I’m looking for blue throated hummingbird	are you interested in learning about where blue throated hummingbirds live	True
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	do you need repair information	False
Find information about elliptical trainer	would you like to see reviews on elliptical trainers	True
how to hire disc jockey	do you need recommendations for djs	True
Where can I find information about forearm pain?	does your forearm hurt from twisting	True
I’m looking for the music man.	do you want to watch the music man film	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	which episodes of inuyasha would you like to see	False
I'm looking for information on duchess county tourism	are you interested in the farm fresh tours	True
Information about raffles	are you interested in aj raffles	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	are you interested in a recipe for grilled chicken	True
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	would you like to know the phone number of mayo clinic jacksonville fl	True
how to hire disc jockey	are you interested in purchasing it online	False
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	would you like to know the phone number of mayo clinic jacksonville fl	True
I'm looking for flame designs	what kind of pictures are you looking for	True
Tell me about source of the nile	do you want to know the name of the source	True
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	would you like to see reviews for website hosting and design companies	True
Find me information about PVC	are you interested in types of pvc pipe	True
Information about bobcat	would you like to know of any bobcats for sale	True
What is martha stewart and imclone?	do you want to know what channel espn is	False
I am looking for sources of used car parts.	are you looking for a specific web site	True
Tell me about Korean language.	would you like a recommendation on nearby doctors who check cholesteral levels	False
Tell me about of Ralph Owen Brester.	what is ralph owen brewsters education	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	do you want to know how much dnr costs	False
Tell me about Neil Young.	which part of neil youngs life are you interested in	True
I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	are you looking for information on the origins of the company	True
Find information about the secret garden.	would you like to read some reviews of wilson antennas	False
Tell about an adobe indian house?	do you want to know about pueblo hopi or american indian houses	True
Tell me about american military university.	are you referring to the american military university as in the actual school	True
I'm looking for information on hobby stores	is this a hobby for child	True
Tell me about Korean language.	are you interested in korean language degrees	True
What to do in Arkansas	do you want to go to arkansas	True
What is yahoo	are you looking for specific fanrelated information	False
Find information about flushing.	what aspect of the flushing remostrance would you like to learn more about	True
What is yahoo	what would you like to know about yahoo	True
what is the best long term care insurance	when do you expect to need coverage to begin	True
I'd like to learn about joints	what specific joint are you interested in	True
Tell me about Obama family tree.	which family members of obama are you interested in learning more about	True
tell me about ct jobs	are you interested in the common jobs in connecticut	True
Find information on French Lick Resort and Casino.	do you have a preference of the casino in french lick	True
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	do you need information about voip phone services	True
Tell me about making chicken soup from scratch.	how many ingredients do you want to use for this soup	True
how to build a fence?	are you looking for places to buy fencebuilding materials	True
Where can I find information about forearm pain?	there are some interesting articles on preventing forearm pain are you interested	True
What are signs of a heartattack?	are you interested in comparing coverage prices	False
Find information on ontario california airport.	do you know how long your trip will be	True
What is a 403b?	would you like to find retirement financial advisors	True
What can I do in sherwood regional library	do you want to check out a certain book or see if it is available	True
Tell me about Pocono	which mountain ski resort would you like information around the pocono area	True
Tell me about folk remedies for a sore throat.	are you looking for homeopathic remedies for a sore throat	True
I'm interested in poker tournaments	do you want to know who won the last world series of poker	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	are you referring to the email client	False
Tell me about kansas city mo	are you looking for an apartment in kansas city mo	True
Tell me more about HP mini 2140	do you wish to do an entity search	False
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	do you want more informaiton about grilling vegtables	False
tell me about iron	are you looking for listings with a particular skill set	False
Find information about atari	are you interested in atari 2600	True
Which gps receiver I should buy	should i search nearby stores for discounts on a toilet	False
Tell me about Barbados.	would you like the latest news of barbados	True
I need information on income tax return online	do you need to register to file your tax return online	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	are you troubleshooting or trying to repair the unit	False
Give me information about Titan.	are you referring to a specific vehicle	True
Tell me about Barbados.	is your search referring to a condition of the neck	False
Find me information about the sales tax in Illinois.	are you looking for a specific form	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	would you like to know how much a kenmore gas water heater is	False
What is yahoo	are you interested in a certain inuyasha character	False
How do you tie a Windsor knot?	are you looking for a video tutorial	True
Give me information on OCD.	are you looking for documentaries of people who live with ocd	True
Tell me about scooters.	are you looking to rent a scooter	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	are you looking for a specific web site	True
I’m looking for blue throated hummingbird	do you want to know if blue throated hummingbirds are nice	True
Tell me about madam cj walker	would you like to see examples of walkers impact on current hair styling	True
Where can I find information about forearm pain?	does your forearm hurt from twisting	True
tell me about wilson antenna	which type of antenna are you interested in	True
I'm looking for information on hobby stores	will tihs hobby involve excercise equipment	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	do you need information on accessories for the hp mini 2140	False
How to change the toilet in the house	are you interested in the original classic book by frances hodges burnett	False
Tell me about black history.	do you want to know major landmark dates	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	how low would you like to lower your heart rate	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	do you want dietary recommendations	False
what is the best long term care insurance	would you like to buy a book on the best types of best long term insurances and learn more about it	True
figs	are you interested in the calorie count or other nutrition information for the fruit	True
Find information about Mitchell College.	are you referring to a software	False
Tell me about source of the nile	do you want a history of the nile	True
I'm looking for a wedding budget calculator	what are your budget priorities for your wedding	True
Tell me about source of the nile	are you looking for a list of clubs that host rock and gem shows	False
How to change the toilet in the house	are you looking for the current performance of the music man	False
Information about bobcat	would you like to know the habitat of the bobcat	True
Tell me about ps 2 games?	which ps 2 game genres are you interested in	True
What is yahoo	are you interested in inuyasha cosplay	False
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	are you looking for iron metal products	False
What are specific dangers of asbestos?	are you interested in asnestos exposure	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	have you talked to your doctor about heart rate	False
What is Fickle Creek Farm	is this an emergency	False
Where can I find cheap internet	are you upset by the quality of your internet service	True
Find Brooks Brothers clearance.	do you want information on sales and discounts	True
Is Kenmore heater good	would you like reviews on the kenmore gas water heater	True
Find information about penguins.	would you like to see notable residents of bellevue washington	False
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	are you looking for treatment options	False
Find information about atari	are you looking for a class for elliptical trainer	False
I’m looking for information on worm	are you trying to learn the korean language	False
How do you tie a Windsor knot?	do you want to know how to tie a full windsor knot	True
i will survive lyrics	do you want to know more songs from gloria gaynor	True
Tell me information about Volvo.	are you looking to buy a volvo	True
map	which nile are you interested in learning about	False
tell me about wilson antenna	are you looking for mitchell colleges tuition rates	False
who invented music	are you looking for the history of classical music	True
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	are you looking for the first president ever	True
where can I buy a trombone?	do you want to know who is eligible for the tangible personal property tax	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	do you want to access yahoos twitter feed	False
I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	do you want to know the average annual salary for paralegals	True
Find information on Porterville.	are you wanting directions to porterville	True
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	are you looking to use butter and margarine in baking	False
tell me about cass county missouri	can i help you find something on a map	True
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	would you like to see how these fats effect human arteries	False
I’m interested in civil right movement	would you like to know what happened during the civil rights movement	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	are you trying to locate the causes for lipoma	True
TV on computer	are you interested in the the nutritional value of butter and margarine	False
Tell me about civil war battles in South Carolina	do you want to know how civilians supported the battles in south carolina	True
Tell me about of Ralph Owen Brester.	would you like to know about brewsters college education degree and work history	True
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	do you want to know how to use the bowflex power pro	True
tell me about mgb	do you need the history of the mgb	True
Tell me about Korean language.	are you looking for a dictionary	True
Tell me about vines for shade.	are you looking for a flowering ivy	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you interested in ways to fix problems flushing the toilet	False
Where can I buy pressure washers?	do you want to price compare pressure washers	True
How can one can become highway patrol	are you curious about the employment opportunies at the tennesse highway patrol	True
Tell me about Korean language.	would you like to know how to get your vldl levels tested	False
What is von Willebrand Disease?	what kind of information about von willebrand disease do you want to see	True
Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	would you like to know more about pocono raceway	False
Tell me about Barbados.	would you like to know how far barbados is	True
Tell me about Pocono	are you interested in lodgings	True
Tell me more about satilies	would you like to know more about satellite tv history	True
Tell me about kansas city mo	wou you like to know more about 3in1 credit reports	False
How to change the toilet in the house	what type of toilet are you looking for	True
Tell me about avp	would you rather read some reviews about avp antivirus	True
how to hire disc jockey	do you want to go to a djs website	True
What is a 403b?	do you want to know 403b contribution limits in 2018	True
I’m looking for blue throated hummingbird	are you wanting to know its scientific name	True
How to register dmv in va?	do you want to renew a drivers license	True
Tell me about Korean language.	are you looking for korean language symbols	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	do you want dietary recommendations	True
Tell me about american military university.	are you referring to the american military university as in the actual school	True
I'm interested in dinosaurs	which dinosaurs are you interested in	True
What are signs of a heartattack?	which symptoms do you believe you are experiencing	True
Tell me about ps 2 games?	are you searching for prevention tools	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	are you wanting to see videos by the pastor	True
Tell me information about a sore throat.	would you like things to do to soothe a sore throat	True
Tell me more about HP mini 2140	do you want to know the specs of hp mini 2140	True
what are the seven deadly sins	would you like to know where in the bible the seven deadly sins are mentioned	True
Find me information on sat	do you want to register to take the sat test	True
Information about raffles	would you like to book a room in raffles hotel in dubai	True
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	which holiday season are you interested in	False
Tell me about hotels in New York.	are you interested in new york hotel prices	True
Tell me information about computer programming.	are you interested in the history of computer programming	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	do you want to know about worm castings	False
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	are you referring to lipomassage	True
I'm looking for flame designs	would you like to know if spaying would stop the heat of a female dog	False
Information about raffles	are you trying to look up the results of a raffle in your area	True
How to change the toilet in the house	do you need tickets for the music man	False
Find information about flushing.	are you interested in korean language degrees	False
where to find morel mushrooms	is there a mileage range you are willing to travel to search for mushrooms	True
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	are you looking for a free internet phone service	True
Find sewing instructions for me	would you like to know to to mend a shirt	True
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	are you looking for butter and margarine comparison	False
Tell me about Korean language.	are you looking for books on the korean language	True
What are specific dangers of asbestos?	are you looking for some statistics regarding the exposure of asbestos	True
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	are you looking for a free internet phone service	True
How to change the toilet in the house	should i search nearby stores for discounts on a toilet	True
Give me information about Titan.	are you looking to get more information about titan machinery	True
Tell me information about computer programming.	do you any specific information about computer science degree program	True
What is a 403b?	are you trying to find out the difference between 401k and 403b	True
Tell me about cell phones.	are you looking for a specific website	False
tell me about uss yorktown charleston SC	which holiday season are you interested in	True
How to change the toilet in the house	are you interested in the music man	False
I want to learn about rock art.	would you like to know anything specific about rock music	True
map	do you want a map	False
When can I see Churchil Downs	are you looking for events at churchill downs	True
Find sewing instructions for me	would you like to know how to sew a dress	True
tell me about rock and gem shows	are you interested in home decor items that are dinosaur related	False
I'm interested in poker tournaments	where would you like to find poker tournaments	True
I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	do you want a jax chemical company coupon	True
What is martha stewart and imclone?	do you want to know what channel espn is	False
What are specific dangers of asbestos?	do you need recommendations for djs	False
what are continental plates	are you looking for information on plate tectonics and the lithosphere	True
Tell me about fybromyalgia	are you looking for a medication to adress the symptoms	True
I need information on income tax return online	would you like to file your income tax return online	True
Tell me about fybromyalgia	are you interested in the size of the company	False
Give me air travel information.	are you searching for a specific airport	True
I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	are you looking for information about the sports facilities at the school	False
tell me about iron	do you want to know more about jobs in connecticut	False
Is Kenmore heater good	are you looking for lab jobs	False
Find information about elliptical trainer	would you like a list of websites that show workouts for elliptical trainers	True
tell me about UNC	do you want to learn about unc the school	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	would you like to know what effects hart beat rate	False
Tell me more on health clubs in Arkansas	do you want to find a book	False
I'm looking for information on recycling lead acid batteries	do you want to know if it is possible to recycle lead acid batteries	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	do you want to know how many different types of worms there are	False
How do I get my free annual credit report?	are you interested in learning how to read your credit report	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	what is the heart rate youre looking to achieve	True
what is the best long term care insurance	do you think the best long term care insurance is right for you	True
What is yahoo	are you looking for any specific pictures	False
what are the popular jobs in Michigan	do you need help navigating the website	True
How to change the toilet in the house	are you looking for toilet cleaners	True
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	do you want more informaiton about grilling vegtables	False
Tell me about vanuatu	which gs tax bracket are you looking for	False
I am looking for sources of used car parts.	do you want to obtain used car parts	True
Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	are you looking for specific information regarding an equal opportunity employer	False
Find information on French Lick Resort and Casino.	are you looking for casinos near french lick resort	True
how to build a fence?	are you using this around the yard	True
I’m looking for the music man.	do you want the contact info for alexian brothers hospital	False
tell me about idaho state flower	are you looking for any specific support group in relation to fybromyalgia	False
Tell me about avp	are you looking for avp beach volleyball	True
Tell me about designer dog breeds.	are you interested in a specific designer dog breed	True
Tell me about of Ralph Owen Brester.	what is ralph owen brewser famous for	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	are you looking for a specific model or part	False
Find information on Porterville.	do you want the history of porterville	True
Find information about the secret garden.	what kind of wilson antenna are you interested in	False
Find me information about diabetes education	are you looking to take a class about diabetes	True
Tell me about fybromyalgia	which model of volvo are you interested in getting information about	False
Find information about flushing.	do you want names of companies that file income taxes online	False
Info on dog heat?	are you looking for any specific information in relation to beach volleyball	False
How to prepare for the GMAT?	which state of lymphoma in dogs are you referring to	False
Find me information about the sales tax in Illinois.	for which year would you like to know the illinois state tax	True
What is yahoo	are you looking for any specific pictures	False
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	would you like to know about lipomas based on any specific demographics	True
What is martha stewart and imclone?	do you want information about a specific espn sports program	False
Tell me about the sit and reach test.	do you want to know other related tests	True
I’m looking for information on worm	do you want to know where worms come from	True
how to build a fence?	are you looking for companies to build a fence for you	True
tell me about wilson antenna	are you interested in the ranking of mitchell college	False
who invented music	do you wish to know how music videos started	True
tell me about rock and gem shows	what would you like to know about rock and gem shows	True
I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	are you trying to find out the rating of the beatles rock band game	True
Tell me about texas border patrol.	are you interested in what their job duties are	True
to be or not to be that is the question	do you want to know how others have used that quote	True
I'm looking for information on hobby stores	are you looking for stores that are currently open	True
How to change the toilet in the house	do you want to know the actors in the music man	False
I'm interested in InuYasha	are you interested in a specific season of inuyasha	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	what is the heart rate youre looking to achieve	True
I'm looking for information on VLDL levels	are you interested in information about the difference between vldl and hdl levels	True
Info on dog heat?	what would you like to know about the dog heat season	True
Where should I order dog clean-up bags	are you looking for a seller near you	True
Find information about the gs pay rate	what gs pay scale are you looking for	True
Tell me about sonoma county medical services.	is there a medical condition that you are looking heal	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	would you like to know what effects hart beat rate	False
Find me information on sat	are you referring to saturday or the verb	True
Find me information about diabetes education	would you like to see a list of atari games	False
Tell me more about Rocky Mountain News	what type of news are you interested in	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	would you like to see a price range for gmat prep classes	True
Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	do you have a specific toilet brand on your mind	False
What is von Willebrand Disease?	what kind of information about von willebrand disease do you want to see	True
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	do you want to know the term length of a us president	True
Find information about elliptical trainer	are you looking for car navigators	False
where can I buy a trombone?	are you looking for discounted trombines	True
Find information on Porterville.	is there any specific web page on your mind	True
I'm interested in poker tournaments	do you want to know how poker tournaments are played	True
How should I use the septic system design	are you interested in an advanced treatment above ground design	True
Child support in Indiana?	are you interested in child support resources	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	are you trying to locate the causes for lipoma	True
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	do you want to know the nearest vet that can help	False
Find information about penguins.	would you like to see notable residents of bellevue washington	False
butter and margarine	would you like to know about butter and margarine making process	True
Information about bobcat	would you like to learn about tractors	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	which battle would you like to learn about how the technique of flushing was used	False
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	do you want to know whether living in a home with asbestos insulation can cause people to become sick	False
Tell me about cell phones.	are you looking for a new phone with a specific carrier	True
Tell me about fybromyalgia	do you need to find a doctor that treats fibromyalgia	True
Information about east ridge high school.	are you searching for east ridge high school football schedule	True
How to get organised?	which atari game system would you like to know about	False
How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	would you like a list of common interview questions	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	are you looking for the age of rick warren	True
how to hire disc jockey	do you need the address of culpeper national cemetery	False
How to change the toilet in the house	do you need information on how to install a toilet	True
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	are you interested in paid services	True
What is Fickle Creek Farm	do you want to know the animal population at fickle creek farm	True
How to get organised?	are you interested in buying a new atari game console	False
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	are you looking for lipoma removal	True
how to build a fence?	are you looking for instructions to build a fence	True
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	would you like to know how to sign up for internet phone service	True
How can I quick smoking	are you looking for patches	True
tell me about rock and gem shows	are you looking for lapidary classes	True
Tell me more on health clubs in Arkansas	would you like to kinow the phone nummber to arkadelphia health club	True
I'd like to learn about moths	are you interested in moth life cycle	True
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	are you requesting information about the dangers of asbestos or the symptoms of associated with asbestos exposure	False
tell me about rock and gem shows	are you looking for a list of clubs that host rock and gem shows	True
What is yahoo	how would you like to watch inuyasha episodes	False
When can I see Churchil Downs	do you want to know where churchill downs is located	True
I’m looking for information on worm	are you interested in the computer game worms	True
I’m looking for information on worm	are you interested in korean language degrees	False
What is yahoo	how low would you like to lower your heart rate	False
I'm interested in dinosaurs	are you looking for dinosaur books	True
Tell me about vines for shade.	do you have any plant allergies	True
Tell me about cell phones.	did you want to know what the most popular cell phones are	True
I need information on income tax return online	what type of craft are you using the pvc for	False
Tell me about cell phones.	are you trying to rent at a disneyland hotel	False
I’m interested in civil right movement	is there any specific historical movement on your mind	True
I'm interested in mothers day songs	are you wanting the titles of mothers day songs	True
How do you tie a Windsor knot?	are you looking for a way to tie this knot quickly	True
tell me about iron	would you like to buy a book about this topic	False
What is equal opportunity employer?	do you want to know more about the the curriculum	False
I'm looking for flame designs	do you want to know how long a female dogs heat lasts	False
What should I know about the civil war	are you looking for a specific battle	True
Tell me information about Volvo.	are you looking for a specific web page	False
Find information about Mitchell College.	would you like to know mitchell colleges acceptance rate	True
I'm interested in mothers day songs	are you wanting to know more about the entrance requirements	False
Where can I find cheap internet	are you wondering who used cheap internet	True
How to change the toilet in the house	do you need information on how to install a toilet	True
Tell me about folk remedies for a sore throat.	would remedies using honey be what you are looking for	True
Find information about flushing.	which battle would you like to learn about how the technique of flushing was used	True
Tell me about the sit and reach test.	do you need instructions to do the test	True
What is average charitable donation?	would you like to read the most recent articles about the average charitable donation	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	do you have high blood pressure	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	are you referring to the search engine	False
Tell me more about us presidents	are you interested in the middle name of the current vice president of the united states	True
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	are you interested in learning how to write a thank you letter after an interview	False
What is yahoo	are you interested in the years inuyasha was shown in tv	False
What are the best recepies for grilling	do you want to go to arkansas	False
What can I do in sherwood regional library	are you interested in what the the company imclone does	False
How can one can become highway patrol	are you interested in knowing where the tennesse high patrol check points	True
Tell me about Pocono	are you looking for the cost	False
Tell me about atypical squamous cells	do you want to learn about cervical cancer	True
Tell me about designer dog breeds.	do you want to know what the most popular designer dog breeds there are	True
Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	are you looking for directions to a disneyland hotel	True
Tell me about Obama family tree.	would you like to know who is currently alive from president obamas family tree	True
map	are you looking for a world atlas	True
Give me espn sports information.	when are you going to the pococnos	False
where can I buy a trombone?	would you like to find out how much you owe	False
Tell me about er television show.	are you looking for a website to watch er tv show online	True
What is yahoo	are you referring to the internet browser	True
Tell me about american military university.	do you need the address of jax chemical company	False
Tell me more about satilies	would you like to know more about satellite tv history	True
Take me to the current.	would you like the history of indiana state fairgrounds	False
I'd like to learn about moths	are you looking for luna moths	True
I need information about the University of Phoenix.	do you need information about medical services	False
Tell me information about computer programming.	are you looking for a job in computer programming	True
When can I see Churchil Downs	are you interested in the racing schedule	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	are you looking for stores to buy ps 2 games from	False
I'm interested in dinosaurs	would you like a list of dinosaur movies	True
I’m looking for blue throated hummingbird	what similar species are you looking for	True
How should I use the septic system design	would you like information on arizona wildlife	False
I’m looking for the music man.	do you want to pay a bill	False
Tell me about source of the nile	would you like to see their homepage	False
Find information about flushing.	what items are you interested in flushing down the toilet	True
Tell me more about dnr	are you interested in facts about barbados	False
to be or not to be that is the question	are you referring to a philosophy book	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	are you searching for the information in regard to lipoma symptoms	True
Find me information about the sales tax in Illinois.	are you interested in how to pay your illinois state tax	True
I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	are you seaching for east ridge high school community education	False
Find me information about diabetes education	what are you trying to learn about diabetes	True
tell me about ct jobs	is there any specific web page on your mind	True
Tell me about Pocono	would you like to know where you can buy figs	False
I'm looking for information on hobby stores	are you looking for stores that are currently open	True
Tell me about Pocono	would you like to book a flight to pocono couples retreat	True
tell me about evidence for evolution	what kind of evidence are you looking for	True
how to build a fence?	are you looking for places to buy fencebuilding materials	True
Tell me about avp	are you looking for a specific web site	True
Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	do you want to learn how to make furniture	True
Tell me about vanuatu	do you want a map	True
Information about east ridge high school.	do you need directions to east ridge high school	True
Tell me about of Ralph Owen Brester.	would you like to know the political positions ralph owen brewster held	True
Tell me about ron howard.	do you want to know more about ron howards directing career	True
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	did you want to know the amount of tourism dutchess county gets	False
Tell me about Obama family tree.	would you like to know what movie star portrayed brewster in the movie the aviator and what award the movie star was nominated for the performance	False
I'm interested in dinosaurs	are you interested in home decor items that are dinosaur related	True
I’m looking for the music man.	what is the doctors name at this facility that you want	False
Tell me information about a sore throat.	do you want to attend the indiana state fair	False
Find information about the wall	are you looking for a specific movie	True
Find information on Porterville.	do you need maps for arizona hunting and fishing	False
What is a 403b?	would you like to see the difference between a 403b and 401k account	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you looking for a hospital in new york ny	True
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	are you looking for a class for elliptical trainer	False
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	are you wanting to know the illnesses that list sore throat as a symptom	False
I'm looking for flame designs	how big do you want the flames to be	True
I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	are you looking for the nearest store you can buy hp mini 2140	False
How to change the toilet in the house	the secret garden has been made into many films and series which version of the secret garden are you intrested in	False
I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	are you looking to find out what game platforms you can play the beatles rock bank game on	True
Find Brooks Brothers clearance.	would you like to know about the brooks brothers clearance return policy	True
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	did you want to know the amount of tourism dutchess county gets	False
Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	do you want to make an appointment	True
Find information about the secret garden.	are you looking for a specific web page	False
Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	are you looking for more information on food stamps in iowa	True
What is martha stewart and imclone?	are you looking for standings of a specific sport	False
How to get organised?	what area of your home would you like to organize	True
I need information on income tax return online	are you interested in a certain fitting for a pvc pipe	False
Tell me about ron howard.	are you trying to compare different ron howard movies	True
who invented music	do you want the name of one person	True
What is yahoo	would you like to know more about the inuyasha illustrator and writer	False
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	are you looking into price difference of companies in your area	True
Tell me information about a sore throat.	do you want to know the city where the indiana state fairgrounds are located	False
What are the best recepies for grilling	are you looking for arkansas history	False
I’m looking for the music man.	are you looking for a summary of the music man plot	True
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	are you interested in asnestos exposure	False
What is yahoo	are you interested in a certain inuyasha character	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	do you have any medical conditions	False
Find information about atari	which atari game are you interested in	True
tell me about iron	what things to do and see are you interested in	False
Find me reviews of the les Miserables.	do you want reviews of the les miserables book	True
Find information about atari	are you interested in playing online games	True
Tell me about er television show.	do you want to know awards er has won	True
Tell me information about Volvo.	do you need repair information	True
Tell me about american military university.	would you like to see their homepage	False
Information about bobcat	what would you like to know about bobcats	True
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	are you looking for any specific facilities	True
Tell me about avp	which president are you looking for	False
Tell me about Pocono	are you interested in the history of the pcoconos	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	do you want to access yahoos twitter feed	False
Give me espn sports information.	do you want to know what channel espn is	True
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	what are your requirments	True
tell me about UNC	what part of unc do you want info on	True
Tell me more about satilies	would you like to know more about satellite tv history	True
Is Kenmore heater good	would you like me to find the nearest kenmore store for you	True
Find information about the wall	do you want to contribute to the gofundme campaign to fund the wall	True
all men are created equal	are you trying to look up a speech	True
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	what kind of information are you looking for news or research on the dangers of asbestos	False
Find information about tornadoes	are you wondering where tornadoes are more likely	True
Tell me more about dnr	are you looking for a specific website	False
I'm interested in dinosaurs	would you like a list of dinosaur movies	True
Find information about the secret garden.	are you looking for flame designs for a tattoo	False
map	are you traveling	True
Find information about penguins.	are you looking for instructions to build a fence	False
Tell about an adobe indian house?	do you want to know where to find adobe indian houses	True
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	would you like to see reviews for website hosting and design companies	True
How to register dmv in va?	do you want the address	False
I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	do you watch lawbased television	True
I'm looking for information on dieting	what kinds of specialized diets are you interested in	True
Tell me information about a sore throat.	what type of fibromyalgia statistics are you looking for	False
Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	would you like find out where you can play electronic skeet shoot	True
How can I quick smoking	are you looking for information on how to quit smoking	True
tell me about iron	are you looking for a list of foods that are a good source of iron	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	which city in arkansas are you interested in	False
What are the best recepies for grilling	do you want to know the legality of dnr	False
I am looking for sources of used car parts.	do you want to recycle used car parts	True
I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	are you referring to lymphoma in the eyes	True
Find information about elliptical trainer	are you looking for a class for elliptical trainer	True
I am looking for sources of used car parts.	are you looking for a specific web site	True
Give me information about Titan.	are you interested in learning more about mythological titans	True
I’m looking for blue throated hummingbird	are you looking for any specific photos	True
how to hire disc jockey	are you looking for different kinds of djs	True
I’m interested in old coins	are you interested in specific old coins	True
Find information about tornadoes	are you wondering how to spot a tornado	True
I'm looking for flame designs	are you looking for any specific heatrelated illness in dogs	False
Tell me about vines for shade.	are you looking for specific information about martha stewart and imcones age	False
I'm looking for information on hurricane Irene flooding in manville nj	are you looking for information on flood damage	True
What is a 403b?	are you looking for withdrawal rules for 403b plan	True
I'm looking for information on dieting	do you want to know if dieting is safe	True
how to build a fence?	do you want to know more about companies headquartered in bellevue washington	False
What to do in Arkansas	are you looking for arkansas football	True
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	what would you like to know about culpeper national cemetary	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	do you want to know about indoor or outdoor grilling	True
What are signs of a heartattack?	would you like to see the signs of a heart attack in women or in men	True
What is a 403b?	are you trying to find out the difference between 401k and 403b	True
tell me about UNC	do you want to know the federal pay cap for 2018	False
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	do you know about why its important to have iron in your diet	False
where can I buy a trombone?	are you interested in the price range for trombones	True
What is a 403b?	do you want to know 403b contribution limits in 2018	True
I'm interested in InuYasha	are you looking for stores to buy ps 2 games from	False
Tell me information about Volvo.	are you looking for a dealer in a specific location	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	are you interested in a specific season of inuyasha	False
Tell me more about HP mini 2140	are you looking for lab jobs	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	are you looking for a specific web page	True
What is yahoo	would any specific game interest you	False
Find me information about the Last Supper painting.	are you interested in the history of the last supper painting	True
Find me information about the Ritz Carlton Lake Las Vegas.	do you want historical information on the ritz carlton lake las vegas	True
Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	are you referring to a food stamp program that is current or a historical one	True
I need information on income tax return online	are you interested in how pvc is made	False
I'm looking for information on dieting	do you need anything specific in relation to counting calories you consume daily	True
what are the popular jobs in Michigan	would you like to read reviews about michworks	True
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	which treatments are you looking for at mayo clinic jacksonville fl	True
Tell me more about satilies	do you want to know more about the technology behind satellites	True
I need information about the University of Phoenix.	are you looking for a hotel near porterville	False
Tell me about Korean language.	would you like to see charts about vldl levels	False
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	would you like to know where to buy one	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	do you want to know how old rick warren is	True
What is Madagascar known for?	would you like to know what plants are native to madagascar	True
Information about east ridge high school.	what information about east ridge high school are you looking for	True
Information about east ridge high school.	are you looking for east ridge high school in woodbury mn	True
what are the popular jobs in Michigan	are you looking for the location of michworks	True
Find information on hip fractures	which age group is of more interest to you	True
Is Kenmore heater good	are you referring to the specific company	False
TV on computer	are you interested in buying a tv with a computer included	True
Tell me about cell phones.	did you want to know what the most popular cell phones are	True
Find information on hip fractures	would you like information about installing weather stripping	False
I'm interested in mothers day songs	do you want songs that were released on mothers day in a specific year	True
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	are you looking for research papers	True
What is a 403b?	are you trying to find out the difference between 401k and 403b	True
What is martha stewart and imclone?	are you looking for information on a specific league	False
Tell me about kansas city mo	do you want to know how to obtain someones credit report	False
Tell me about Bellevue.	which battle would you like to learn about how the technique of flushing was used	False
How can I lower my heart rate?	would you like to find foods that will lower your heart rate	True
Tell me more on health clubs in Arkansas	what is theh tax rate for the country youre in	False
Find information about elliptical trainer	are you referring to the machine or person	True
What to do in Arkansas	do you want to move to arkansas	True
Find information on hip fractures	are you interested in the cost for best long term care insurance or short term	False
What to do in Arkansas	are you looking for nearby medical practices that treat the condition	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	do you want dietary recommendations	False
Information about east ridge high school.	are you interested in the price range for trombones	False
Tell me about vanuatu	do you want to know the history	True
I'm interested in InuYasha	are you in the beginning or more advanced stages of getting organized	False
Find information on ontario california airport.	would you like directions from your location	True
How to get organised?	which atari game system would you like to know about	False
Find sewing instructions for me	can you read sewing patterns	True
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	are you looking for benefits of an elliptical trainer vs other fitness machines	False
I'm looking for information on duchess county tourism	are you looking for a job in dutchess county in regards to tourism	True
Where can I buy pressure washers?	are you looking for the nearest location to buy a pressure washer	True
Tell me information about Volvo.	are you wanting to see sermons by the pastor	False
Tell me about Pocono	are you looking for the information about split rock restore	True
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	do you want to know the iron composition of steel	False
Give me information on OCD.	are you looking for documentaries of people who live with ocd	True
I'm looking for flame designs	do you want realistic or cartoonish designs	True
Find information about the secret garden.	are you looking for flame designs for a tattoo	False
I'm looking for universal animal cuts reviews	would you like to see the lowest reviews for universal animal cuts	True
Find information about the secret garden.	do you need to get a part of a wilson antenna	False
I'm looking for information on recycling lead acid batteries	would you like to know about environmental benefits of sustainable lead acid battery recycling	True
tell me about diversity	would you like to know how diversity helps or harms an organization	True
I'm looking for universal animal cuts reviews	would you like to review universal animal cuts	True
Tell me about Pocono	what would you like to do in the poconos	True
tell me about iron	are there specific jobs you are looking for	False
Find me information about diabetes education	are you looking for a specific web site	True
I’m looking for the music man.	do you want to pay a bill	False
Tell me information about computer programming.	are you interested in programming courses for children	True
Information about raffles	are you interested in aj raffles	True
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	do you want to know the history of culpeper national cemetery	True
Tell me about Obama family tree.	are you interested in seeing barack obamas family	True
tell me about iron	are you looking for irons melting point	True
Find me information about the sales tax in Illinois.	would you like to know when the illinois state tax is due	True
Tell me about Pocono	would you like to know more about pocono raceway	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	would you like to see a price range for gmat prep classes	True
Find me reviews of the les Miserables.	do you mean the book or the movie	True
figs	are you interested in a standard gravity type of design 3 feet of absorbant soil	False
Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	are you looking for a hotel inside disneyland	True
Find me information about the Last Supper painting.	do you want to know who painted the last supper painting	True
What is equal opportunity employer?	what information would you like in regards to an equal opportunity employer	True
Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	are you looking for a specific web site	True
What is martha stewart and imclone?	do you want to know if this is the company martha stewart went to jail for	True
I'd like to learn about moths	are you really reffering to mothra	True
all men are created equal	would you like to learn more about the declaration of independence	True
Give me air travel information.	would you like to hear air travel info in the news	True
I am looking for sources of used car parts.	are you looking for used car parts for a particular model of car	True
How to cook pork tenderlion	would you like to know where to purchase a pork tenderloin	True
Tell me more about dnr	what specific dnr are you referring to	True
Tell me about cell phones.	are you trying to compare android to ios	True
Tell me about Pocono	are you referring to pocono mountains	True
Tell me about ps 2 games?	which ps 2 game genres are you interested in	True
Tell me about Pocono	are you looking for reviews of the university of phoenix	False
What is Fickle Creek Farm	are you looking for a place which sales products from fickle creek farm	True
What is yahoo	how would you like to watch inuyasha episodes	False
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	do you need stock price values for the company	True
Tell me more on health clubs in Arkansas	are you referring to a health club in arkadelphia ar	True
Tell me more about dnr	are you interested in the medical term dnr	True
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	do you seek further information on lab breeders	True
I am looking for sources of used car parts.	are you looking for used car parts from a particular manufacturer	True
Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	are you interested in staying here for certain dates	True
What is California Franchise Tax Board	do you need specific forms to fill out	True
What is martha stewart and imclone?	are you looking for a specific web site	True
I'm interested in InuYasha	are you interested in a certain inuyasha character	True
I'm looking for information about South Africa	do you want to know who the preesident of south africa is	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	would you like to know more about animals that present lipomas	True
Tell me about fybromyalgia	what type of fibromyalgia statistics are you looking for	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	do you want to know about worms in dogs	False
I’m looking for the music man.	which hospital facility are you look for	False
tell me about idaho state flower	do you want information on treatments for fibromyalgia	False
Tell me about avp	would you like information about the association of volleyball professionals	True
tell me about iron	what kind of aircrafts would you like to know about	False
I'm interested in InuYasha	would you like to compare specific ps 2 games	False
all men are created equal	would you like to learn about the author of that quote	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	are you referring to a gas grill	True
Where can I buy pressure washers?	are you trying to build a pressure washer	True
How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	are you interested in learning how to write a thank you letter after an interview	True
I'm looking for information on common schizophrenia drugs	what happens when common schizophrenia drugs are disconinued	True
tell me about ct jobs	will this be a tall fence or short fence	False
Find information about Mitchell College.	would you like directions to mitchell college	True
Find me information about the Ritz Carlton Lake Las Vegas.	are you looking for directions to the ritz carlton in las vegas	True
I'm looking for information on dieting	would you like to know more about dieting products for weight loss	True
How to change the toilet in the house	would you like help searching for work in michigan	False
Find condos in Florida.	how many bedrooms do you want	True
I'm looking for a wedding budget calculator	did you want to see if there was an app to do it	True
What is yahoo	would you like to know more about kagome higurashi	False
I’m looking for blue throated hummingbird	would you like to know about the current population numbers of blue throated hummingbirds	True
Find sewing instructions for me	would you like instructions on how to use a sewing machine	True
how to hire disc jockey	are you looking for djs in your area	True
Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	are you looking for furniture for a specific room	True
Find sewing instructions for me	would you like to know how to sew on a button	True
Tell me about Obama family tree.	would you like to know barack obamas geneology	True
Give me information about Titan.	are you interested in learning more about mythological titans	True
tell me about diversity	are you looking into diversity in hiring	True
Find information about penguins.	are you looking for furniture	False
How to use wiki?	what would you like to know about the collaborative nature of wiki	True
Find me information about the Ritz Carlton Lake Las Vegas.	would you like to know where ritz carlton lake las vegas is on a map	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	what age group are you reffering to	False
How to cook pork tenderlion	do you want to know where pork tenderloin comes from	True
What to do in Arkansas	are you interested in facts about barbados	False
What is yahoo	would any specific game interest you	False
Tell me information about Volvo.	do you want to know how old rick warren is	False
What is martha stewart and imclone?	do you want to know if this is the company marthat stewart was given insider trading information	True
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	do you want the location of the indiana state fairgrounds	True
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	would you like a website about this topic	False
What are signs of a heartattack?	are you interested in more information on the best long term care insurance	False
I’m looking for information on worm	are you interested in the history of the korean language	False
How do I get my free annual credit report?	do you want information on how to keep your credit report good	True
How can I adopt a dog	do you have a specific toilet brand on your mind	False
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	would you like to know whether asbestos exposure cause cancer	False
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	is it for a blog or for online retail	True
Find information on Porterville.	are you looking for a hotel near porterville	True
I'm looking for a wedding budget calculator	would you like to see articles about wedding budgeting	True
tell me about rock and gem shows	are you interested in coloring books	False
Tell me bio of george bush sr.	do you want to know what political party george bush sr is	True
What are characteristics of Uranus	are you wondering the temperature of uranus	True
I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	would you like to place an order	True
tell me about idaho state flower	would you like to know about its apperance	True
Find information on raised gardens.	do you want to know what to plant in a raised garden	True
Tell me about madam cj walker	would you like to know the birthplace of madam cj walker	True
Tell me about kansas city mo	would you like to know the weather in kansas city	True
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	do you have any type of asbestos in mind when you ask about the dangers of asbestos	False
Find information about penguins.	would you like to see notable residents of bellevue washington	False
Tell me about scooters.	would you like to explore more on scooters	True
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	do you need to know where you can purchase a grill	False
How to cook pork tenderlion	would you like to know where pork tenderloin comes from in a pig	True
How to change the toilet in the house	should i search nearby stores for discounts on a toilet	True
Find me information about the Ritz Carlton Lake Las Vegas.	are you looking for directions to the ritz carlton in las vegas	True
Give me information about Titan.	are you referring to titan the moon of saturn	True
What is martha stewart and imclone?	do you want espn sports corporate information	False
Tell me information about Volvo.	would you like to know what are their most popular vehicles	True
Tell me about hotels in New York.	do you need a list of available new york hotels	True
tell me about dark chocolate health benefits	do you want to know the origins of dark chocolate	True
tell me about rice?	do you need instructions for cooking rice	True
I'm interested in dinosaurs	are you looking for a specific web page	False
How should I use the septic system design	are you interested in a tank design or one that dumps into open water	True
What to do in Arkansas	would you like to know more about animals that present lipomas	False
tell me about bart sf	are you interested in bart sf the company	True
When can I see Churchil Downs	do you want to know where churchill downs is located	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you looking for the university the bellevue	True
I’m looking for blue throated hummingbird	what similar species are you looking for	True
Tell me about avp	would you like information about the association of volleyball professionals	True
map	do you want a map of your local area	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	do you want dietary recommendations	True
I need information on income tax return online	are you interested in how pvc is made	False
Tell me information about Volvo.	are you interested in who is the ceo	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	are you searching for an image for lipoma	True
how to hire disc jockey	would you like to see news about culpeper national cemetary	False
tell me about mgb	are you looking for how to use mgb	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	are you looking for a grill for grilling food	True
How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	would you like to know how to watch tv on your computer	False
Find information on Porterville.	do you need information about medical services	True
I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	are you trying to purchase the beatles rock band game	True
Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	are you interested in finding a local tattoo shop that does flame design	False
What is a 403b?	do you want to know 403b contribution limits in 2018	True
I'm interested in dinosaurs	would you like to see pictures or videos of dinosaurs	True
Tell me about ps 2 games?	are you interested in an online site for diabetes	False
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	are you looking for the first president ever	True
I'm interested in poker tournaments	where would you like to find poker tournaments	True
Find condos in Florida.	do you want a condo for vacation or to live in	True
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	are you looking for a specific web site	False
I am looking for sources of used car parts.	are you looking for the nearest junck yard	True
Give me espn sports information.	would you like to watch videos about how figs grow andor how to prepare them	False
Tell me about weather stripping	are you interested in weather strips for doors	True
Where should I order dog clean-up bags	are you looking for a way to dispose your dog wast	True
I'm looking for information on dieting	will the dieting be in combination with exercise or weight training	True
I need information on income tax return online	are you looking for a specific web site	True
Is Kenmore heater good	would you like to know how much a kenmore gas water heater is	True
What is California Franchise Tax Board	are you looking for payment information	True
What is yahoo	are you interested in inuyasha cosplay	False
I'm looking for information on recycling lead acid batteries	what was the lead acid battery you want to recycle used for	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	would you like to fill an application for a hunting licence	False
Find information about elliptical trainer	would you like to see local spca or humane societies	False
Find sewing instructions for me	would you like a book about sewing	True
I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	are you looking for a specific web page	True
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	do you need information on employment opportunities	True
Find information on ontario california airport.	would you like to buy tickets to california	True
Find information on hip fractures	would you like to know if it is possible to weather strip a car	False
Information about bobcat	what would you like to know about bobcats	True
What is equal opportunity employer?	are you wanting to know more about the entrance requirements	False
I'm looking for flame designs	what would you like to know about the dog heat season	False
I’m interested in civil right movement	do you want to know who started the movement	True
Find information on Porterville.	are you wanting directions to porterville	True
Tell me about ps 2 games?	how many ps 2 games are you looking to buy	True
What is yahoo	are you referring to the internet browser	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	are you referring to the insane person across the street	False
Tell me more about satilies	are you looking for a specific kind of maps and images	True
all men are created equal	which use of that quote are you interested in	True
Give me espn sports information.	do you want information about espn sports programming in languages other than english	True
I'm looking for flame designs	would you like to know what avp stands for	False
Find me information about the sales tax in Illinois.	do you want to know where your refund is or know the tax rate	True
Find information about penguins.	do you want to know more about companies headquartered in bellevue washington	False
Tell me bio of george bush sr.	would you like to know the major events of george bush srs presidency	True
How to get organised?	are you looking for specific products related to getting organized	True
how to hire disc jockey	do you want to go to a djs website	True
tell me about iron	do you want to know how to craft tools made of iron	True
I'm interested in dinosaurs	would you like to see pictures or videos of dinosaurs	True
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	are you interested in free websites or would you like your own domain	True
Tell me about madam cj walker	do you want more information on the history of madam cj walker	True
Find information about tornadoes	are you interested in tornado disasters	True
Give me air travel information.	would you like to know more about checked baggages rules	True
Tell me more about HP mini 2140	do you want information on the tax board	False
Find information about penguins.	are you keeping people out or animals in	False
What is yahoo	would you like to see inuyasha manga	False
How should I use the septic system design	are you interested in an avanced treatment below ground design	True
Is Kenmore heater good	are you looking for a specific web site	False
Info on dog heat?	are you interested in pet health supplies	True
Find information on ontario california airport.	would you like to book a hotel there	True
What is yahoo	are you referring to the internet browser	True
tell me about mgb	are you interested in the gt or the roadster	True
Find information about penguins.	are you looking for instructions to build a fence	False
What is California Franchise Tax Board	do you need specific forms to fill out	True
What can I do in sherwood regional library	would you like to know what more about the history of martha stewart and imclone	False
Info on dog heat?	are you looking for any specific heatrelated illness in dogs	True
Tell me about avp	do you want a spell check for avp	True
How to change the toilet in the house	do you need to know how to measure a toilet for installation	True
where can I buy a trombone?	are you looking for a second hand music store near you	True
Find Brooks Brothers clearance.	are you looking for online promotions	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	how low would you like to lower your heart rate	False
Tell me about black history.	are you looking for a specific event or activity	True
Is Kenmore heater good	are you troubleshooting or trying to repair the unit	True
Tell me about weather stripping	do you want to know about a specific person	False
How to register dmv in va?	do you need the contact information for the sherwood regional library	False
I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	do you need the address of jax chemical company	True
What is a 403b?	do need to see any specific information about 403b eligibility	True
Where can I buy pressure washers?	do you wish to rent a pressure washer	True
tell me about cass county missouri	there are some interesting historical facts about cass county shall i show them to you	True
Find information on Porterville.	are you referring to a gas grill	False
How can I lower my heart rate?	what is the heart rate youre looking to achieve	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	would you like to contact a lawyer about a possible dnr	False
Tell me about fybromyalgia	are you looking for any specific support group in relation to fybromyalgia	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	would you like to see the signs of a heart attack in women or in men	False
Find information about the secret garden.	are you looking for wilson antenna parts	False
tell me about UNC	are you interested in any specific activities at university of carolina	True
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	would you like an unlocked phone	False
what is the best long term care insurance	are you looking for a specific insurance company	True
Find information on hip fractures	were you looking for the causes of hip fractures	True
Find information about penguins.	what kind of penguin are you looking for	True
Tell me about cell phones.	are you looking for a new phone with a specific carrier	True
I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	do you need details on where jax chemical company is	True
Tell me about ps 2 games?	would you like to know more about ps2 console design	True
Information about raffles	are you interested in raffles college of design	True
What are signs of a heartattack?	would you like to know the age should to start buying best long term care insurance	False
Find information about the secret garden.	do you have questions about the wilson antenna warrenty	False
Find information about penguins.	are you looking for some photos	True
Information about bobcat	would you like to know specific products from the company bobcat	True
I’m looking for information on worm	do you want to know facts about the creature worm	True
I'm looking for information on VLDL levels	do you want to learn how to calculate your vldl levels	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you looking for the university the bellevue	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	do you want to know the cost of a gmat prep class	True
tell me about diversity	are you looking for information on a specific diversity program	True
Tell me more about Rocky Mountain News	what time period are you looking for news coverage	True
Tell me about Afganistan.	do you want to know how many square miles afghanistan is	True
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	are you interested in learning about the symptoms associated with asbestos poisioning	False
Tell me about vanuatu	do you wish to know the climate of vanuatu	True
I'm looking for information on duchess county tourism	what activities in dutchess county were you interested in	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	do you need information about bellevue nebraska	True
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	what would you like to know about culpeper national cemetary	True
Tell me about Korean language.	are you interested in korean language classes	True
Find information about the gs pay rate	do you want to know when the idaho state flower was named	False
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	are looking for reviews on volvo xc90 suv	False
Find information about the sun.	are you looking for how long it takes light from the sun to get to the earth	True
How do I get my free annual credit report?	would you like to know about the process of disputing credit report	True
What is a 403b?	are you trying to find out the difference between 401k and 403b	True
What are signs of a heartattack?	would you like to buy a book on the best types of best long term insurances and learn more about it	False
Tell me more about Rocky Mountain News	would you like to see a list of reporters of the rocky mountain news	True
Tell me about black history.	are you looking for a specific web site	False
What is equal opportunity employer?	would you like to know what the equal opportunity employer act is	True
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	would you like to know where indiana state fairgrounds is on a map	True
Information about raffles	would you like to book a hotel i singapore	True
Give me espn sports information.	what sport are you interested in	True
Is Kenmore heater good	do you need information on employment opportunities	False
Take me to the current.	would you like to know where indiana state fairgrounds is on a map	False
I'm interested in InuYasha	what types of ps 2 games do you like to play	False
Tell me about the sit and reach test.	would you like to know where the test is used in	True
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	are you interested in learning about the symptoms associated with asbestos poisioning	False
Find me information about diabetes education	diabetes education regarding children or adults	True
I’m looking for the music man.	are you interested in the music man	True
Tell me more about dnr	would you like to find a plane ticket to barbados	False
Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	would you like to see the retailers selling it	True
tell me about iron	are you looking for a list of foods that are a good source of iron	True
Find information about atari	are you interested in atari games or information about the brand	True
Find information about atari	are you interested in the history of atari	True
Tell me information about a sore throat.	would you like the history of indiana state fairgrounds	False
Information about bobcat	would you like to know the countries in which bobcats are found	True
I’m looking for information on worm	do you want to know about worm castings	True
What is Fickle Creek Farm	which department are you interested in at mayo clinic jacksonville fl	False
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	would you like to see symptoms of this	False
tell me about UNC	would you like to learn about unc sports	True
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	are you referring to the specific company	True
where can I buy a trombone?	are you looking for a place to sell a used trombone	True
Find information on raised gardens.	do you want to buy a book about raised gardens	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you looking for bellevue baptist church	True
I'm interested in InuYasha	are you wanting help with what to do to get organized in your home	False
What should I know about the civil war	do you want specific or general details on battles	True
what is the best long term care insurance	would you like to book a new york hotel	False
tell me about tangible personal property tax	do you want to know what the current uplift is at yellowstone national park	False
Is Kenmore heater good	are you looking for any specific facilities	False
Tell me information about Volvo.	are you wanting to see sermons by the pastor	False
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	do you want to know the iron composition of steel	False
How do I get my free annual credit report?	is there a specific internet company you need information on	False
tell me about rock and gem shows	do you want a list of dinosaur names	False
Give me information about Titan.	would you like to see the a specific titan	True
tell me about iron	what type of accomodations are you looking for	False
how to hire disc jockey	do you want to know about reviews on the bowflex power pro	False
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you looking for a specific product in flushing queens	False
What is a 403b?	what year do you want to begin contributing 403b	True
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	are you looking for a new phone with a specific carrier	False
Tell me about Korean language.	are you interested in the history of the korean language	True
Tell me about ron howard.	would you like to know how many movies ron howard has directed	True
Find information about atari	are you looking for information of where to buy a elliptical trainer	False
What is average charitable donation?	are you curious about what an appropriate average charitable donation	True
I’m looking for blue throated hummingbird	are you looking for any specific photos	True
I'm interested in dinosaurs	are you looking for a specific dinosaur	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	do you need to know where you can purchase a grill	True
Tell me about of Ralph Owen Brester.	what is ralph owen brewsters education	True
Which gps receiver I should buy	are you trying to fix your toilet	False
What are signs of a heartattack?	do you know what a heart attack is	True
Info on dog heat?	do you need directions to your local vet	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	do you need information about bellevue nebraska	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	what type of problem are you having with the hp mini 2140	False
discovery channel store	is there a specific product you are looking for from the store	True
Is Kenmore heater good	are you looking for a specific representative in relation to the company	False
Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	what kind of place would you like to stay at in the poconos	False
Tell me more about satilies	do you want to figure out the benefits of satellite tv over cable tv	True
tell me about iron	would you like to buy supplements	True
I'm looking for information on hobby stores	is this for a school craft or play	True
Find me information on sat	are you referring to saturday or the verb	True
I'm looking for flame designs	are you looking for any specific heatrelated illness in dogs	False
Find information about elliptical trainer	are you looking for information of a trainer vs a treadmill	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	would you like to know what distinguishes gmat from gre	True
Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	which alexian brothers hospital are you interested in	True
Tell me information about computer programming.	are you looking for computer programming schools near you	True
I'm interested in poker tournaments	which poker tournament are you interested in knowing more about	True
Tell me about Barbados.	are you interested in barbados flag	True
Find information about the gs pay rate	would you like to know more about the history behind the gs pay scale	True
Find information about the secret garden.	do you have a specific purpose for the antenna	False
What is yahoo	which episodes of inuyasha would you like to see	False
Tell me more on Kansas city railroad	are you looking for information about computer viruses	False
what are the popular jobs in Michigan	are you looking for the location of michworks	True
I need information on income tax return online	would you like to file your income tax return online	True
What is yahoo	do you need to contact yahoo	True
Find me information on sat	are you interested in a specific web page	True
Find me information on sat	are you searching for your sat scores	True
tell me about symptoms of mad cow disease in humans	is there a particular gender of human	True
where can I buy a trombone?	are you interested in the price range for trombones	True
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	were you looking for how cell phones work	False
Tell me about ps 2 games?	are you looking for a specific web site	False
How to change the toilet in the house	are you trying to fix your toilet	True
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	are you interested in the farm fresh tours	False
Information about raffles	are you looking for a car raffles in your area	True
I'd like to learn about moths	which type of moth are you looking for	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you looking for things to do in bellevue	True
What is a 403b?	are you interested in any specific rules	True
Find me information about diabetes education	are you looking for a specific web site	True
Find information about the gs pay rate	would you like to know how big they grow	False
What are specific dangers of asbestos?	are you requesting information about the dangers of asbestos or the symptoms of associated with asbestos exposure	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	would you like to find foods that will lower your heart rate	False
what are the popular jobs in Michigan	are you interested in gardening	False
What is yahoo	are you looking for specific fanrelated information	False
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	are you looking into price difference of companies in your area	True
I'm interested in dinosaurs	would you like a list of dinosaur movies	True
I'd like to learn about moths	are you interested in moth biology	True
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	do you need directions to culpeper national cemetery	True
tell me about rock and gem shows	are you looking for a dinosaur costume or game	False
I’m looking for the music man.	which alexian brothers hospital are you interested in	False
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	would you like to know what distinguishes gmat from gre	False
Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	are you looking for directions to a disneyland hotel	True
Tell me about scooters.	are you looking for locations that have the scooters	True
Find information about elliptical trainer	would you like a list of websites that show workouts for elliptical trainers	True
discovery channel store	are you looking for a certain store location	True
tell me about wilson antenna	would you like to know about where to purchase a wilson antenna	True
What is yahoo	which inuyasha characters are you interested in	False
Find me information about diabetes education	do you want to find some resoutces	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	do you need to contact yahoo	False
Give me information about Titan.	are you interested in a specific web page	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	what score would you like to achieve on the gmat test	True
tell me about ct jobs	are you trying to build a specific kind of fence	False
I'm looking for a wedding budget calculator	are you interested in a service for wedding budgeting	True
Give me information on OCD.	are you looking for treatment for ocd	True
Find information about the secret garden.	what kind of media are you interested in there are many videos and still frames of the secret garden from its movies plays tv musical and opera productions	True
Find me information about the Ritz Carlton Lake Las Vegas.	do you want historical information on the ritz carlton lake las vegas	True
i will survive lyrics	do you want to hear the songs while you read the lyrics	True
tell me about bart sf	are you looking for a map of the bart system	True
Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	do you need to apply for food stamps in iowa	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	do you want to access yahoos twitter feed	False
Tell me about Bellevue.	do you need information about bellevue nebraska	True
Tell me about er television show.	do you want to know awards er has won	True
What can I do in sherwood regional library	would you like to see the hours of the sherwood regional library	True
Find me information about diabetes education	are you wanting to join a diabetes education gtoup	True
I'm looking for keyboard reviews	do you want to know about piano keys	True
What is Fickle Creek Farm	would you like to know more about the mayo clinic facilities and services	False
How do I get my free annual credit report?	are you wanting a copy of your credit report	True
Tell me about atypical squamous cells	are you interested in a desciption of aytypical squamous cells	True
What should I know about the civil war	do you want specific or general details on battles	True
Tell me more on Kansas city railroad	would you like to see info about the kansas city southern railway	True
Tell me about avp	do you want to know how male vs female avps in a company	True
Tell me about fybromyalgia	do you need to find a doctor that treats fibromyalgia	True
Find information about the secret garden.	where are you looking to mount the antenna	False
Tell me about source of the nile	do you want to know the name of the source	True
Tell me about avp	which president are you looking for	False
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	are you interested in learning about a presidents power	True
what is the best long term care insurance	are you looking for reviews of hotels	False
How can I adopt a dog	would you like to see local spca or humane societies	True
Tell me about Pocono	would you like to know more about pocono raceway	True
I'm looking for flame designs	would you like to know the symptoms of a dog in heat	False
Give me espn sports information.	do you want to know when espn started	True
I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	do you want a list of firms that are currently hiring paralegals	True
Find information about the gs pay rate	do youwant to know what year idaho declared a state flower	False
Info on dog heat?	would you like to know what avp stands for	False
tell me about iron	are you looking to buy an iron for your clothes	True
Tell me about ron howard.	are you interested in ron howards life story and career highlights	True
Find me information about PVC	would you like to know what pvc is made of	True
I want to learn about rock art.	would you like to know anything specific about rock music	True
Tell me about vanuatu	do you want to know the federal pay cap for 2018	False
Tell me more about Rocky Mountain News	are you looking for information regarding the rocky mountain range	True
What is equal opportunity employer?	would you like to see the legal definition of equal opportunity employer	True
I'd like to learn about moths	are you interested in moth life cycle	True
Tell me more about dnr	are you interested in the history of barbados	False
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	should i provide you with the contact information for french lick resort and casino	False
I’m looking for information on worm	are you looking for korean language symbols	False
I'm looking for information on duchess county tourism	are you interested in cartography	False
Find information about the gs pay rate	are you interested in the histroy behind it	False
Tell me about the sit and reach test.	would you like to know where the test is used in	True
Tell me more on Kansas city railroad	do you want to know where worms come from	False
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	would you like to buy supplements	False
How can I lower my heart rate?	are you interested in a certain inuyasha character	False
discovery channel store	are you needing store information	True
Tell me about Korean language.	are you interested in ways to reduce vldl levels	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	would you like to know why its important to lower your heart rate	False
Tell me about Bellevue.	do you want to know about the nearest town named bellevue	True
Tell me about Obama family tree.	how old is ralph owen brewseter	False
all men are created equal	would you like to learn more about the declaration of independence	True
I need information about the University of Phoenix.	are you interested in schools in poterville	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	are you wanting to see sermons by the pastor	True
I'm looking for information on hobby stores	do you want stores with physical locations or online stores	True
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	would you like to know what country volvo is located	False
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you looking bellevue square mall	True
Where should I order dog clean-up bags	would you like to know what they are for	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	are you looking for gmat prep classes near you	True
Where can I find cheap internet	do you already have a phone service	True
Tell me about Barbados.	would you like to find a plane ticket to barbados	True
What is California Franchise Tax Board	do you wish to do an entity search	True
Tell me about ron howard.	would you want to know about ron howards acting career	True
Tell me about source of the nile	do you want a jax chemical company coupon	False
How should I use the septic system design	would you like to see information on fishing in arizona	False
tell me about diversity	are you looking for a specific content related to diversity	True
Find information on French Lick Resort and Casino.	are you looking for a political debate	False
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	do you want to know the cost of internet phone service	True
Information about raffles	are you looking for a car raffles in your area	True
Tell me about black history.	are you interesting in a certain countrys black history	True
I'm looking for flame designs	are you referring to a software	False
How to change the toilet in the house	what size is your toilet	True
tell me about diversity	would you like to see results about diversity in a business setting	True
Where can I find information about forearm pain?	do you have forearm pain from typing	True
tell me about idaho state flower	do you want a crossword puzzle about idaho	True
I need information on income tax return online	do you want to know how to make ballet bars out of pvc	False
Tell me information about computer programming.	are you looking for nearby coding classes	True
TV on computer	would you like to see recipes with butter and margarine	False
I'm interested in mothers day songs	would you like a list of rock and gem shows in 2019	False
Tell me more on health clubs in Arkansas	are you looking for multiple health clubs in arkadelphia ar	True
I'm interested in poker tournaments	do you want to play in online poker tournaments	True
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	is there a specific brand that you would like to know more about	False
I’m looking for the music man.	do you want to know the cast of the music man	True
Tell about an adobe indian house?	do you want to know what adobe indian houses are made out of	True
Tell me more about HP mini 2140	are you trying to login to the boards website	False
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	are you looking for irons melting point	False
Find me information on sat	do you want more information about the sandy actors theater	True
I'm looking for information about South Africa	would you like to see some pictures of south africa	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	are you referring to the internet browser	False
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	would you like to see specs on this equipment	True
How to change the toilet in the house	should i search nearby stores for discounts on a toilet	True
tell me about wilson antenna	would you like to know about where to purchase a wilson antenna	True
How can I adopt a dog	what breed of dog are you looking for	True
When can I see Churchil Downs	are you interested in a schedule of events from churchill downs	True
Find information about the wall	do you want to contribute to the gofundme campaign to fund the wall	True
Find information on raised gardens.	are you looking for any specific photos	True
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	do you want to know internet phone service providers	True
I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	are you looking for a specific web page	True
how to hire disc jockey	do you want to know the size of culpeper national cemetery	False
Where should I order dog clean-up bags	which price listings would you like to know	True
tell me about uss yorktown charleston SC	do you need directions from your location to the uss yorktown	True
I'm interested in InuYasha	what types of ps 2 games do you like to play	False
who invented music	do you want information related to music notation and written music	True
How do I get my free annual credit report?	would you want to know what is in a credit report	True
What are signs of a heartattack?	would you like to know about early signs of a heart attack	True
where can I buy a trombone?	are you looking for discounted trombines	True
Where should I order dog clean-up bags	are you lokking for a place to purchace dog clean uo bags	True
Tell me information about computer programming.	are you looking for a job in computer programming	True
What should I know about the civil war	are you looking for a union victory	True
how to hire disc jockey	are you looking for djs in your area	True
Tell me about scooters.	will this be for an adult or child	True
Tell me about cell phones.	were you looking for how cell phones work	True
Find me information about PVC	do you want to know how to make ballet bars out of pvc	True
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	do you need information on employment opportunities	True
How do I get my free annual credit report?	do you need information on residential or business	False
Tell me about Bellevue.	would you like to know about the plumbing mechanisms of flushing	False
How to cook pork tenderlion	price of a pork tenderloin	True
what is the best long term care insurance	would you like to book a new york hotel	False
How should I use the septic system design	are you looking for information on its maintenance	True
I'm interested in InuYasha	are you interested in inuyasha cosplay	True
Tell me about making chicken soup from scratch.	do you want a fast recipe or one that takes some time to make	True
What is yahoo	are you looking for any specific pictures	False
how to hire disc jockey	what would you like to know about culpeper national cemetary	False
How can I quick smoking	are you looking for doctors that can help you quit smoking	True
how to build a fence?	are you keeping people out or animals in	True
I'm looking for information on VLDL levels	what age range would you like to see recommended vldl levels for	True
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	are you looking for gmat prep classes near you	False
I'm looking for flame designs	are you looking for flame design outline	True
Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	would you want to buy flame design stickers	False
discovery channel store	do you need a phone number	True
Tell me about Obama family tree.	are you referring to the time magazine essay	True
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	are you looking for outpatient services in mayo clinic	True
Tell me about Neil Young.	i can show you his songs lyrics would that be okay	True
How to cook pork tenderlion	do you need to cook a pork tenderloin	True
Find information about Mitchell College.	are you interested in a specific web page	True
Tell me more about HP mini 2140	do you want information on the tax board	False
Tell me more about HP mini 2140	do you want a phone number	False
How to change the toilet in the house	do you need information on how to install a toilet	True
How can I adopt a dog	are you looking for a specific website	True
Information about raffles	are you interested in raffles hotels and resorts	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	do you want to know how many different types of worms there are	False
I’m looking for the music man.	do you need tickets for the music man	True
What is California Franchise Tax Board	do you want to know their hours of operation	True
I'm interested in dinosaurs	are you interested in coloring books	True
Tell me about sonoma county medical services.	would you like the different services that are provided	True
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	are you looking to subsitute butter and margarine	False
I'm looking for information on hurricane Irene flooding in manville nj	are you seeking the most andor least affected areas of flooding during irene in manville nj	True
What is martha stewart and imclone?	do you want to know if this is the company marthat stewart was given insider trading information	True
butter and margarine	are you looking for butter and margarine comparison	True
What is martha stewart and imclone?	do you want information about espn sports programming in languages other than english	False
Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	are you looking for bedroom furniture	True
Find me information about the Ritz Carlton Lake Las Vegas.	are you looking for directions to the ritz carlton in las vegas	True
Tell me about Korean language.	what age range would you like to see recommended vldl levels for	False
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	would you like me to direct you to emergency services	False
what is the best long term care insurance	do you think the best long term care insurance is right for you	True
I need information on income tax return online	did you need clarification on your tax return	True
How should I use the septic system design	do you need information about medical services	False
Tell me more about Hawain volcanos	would you like to know the histories of the observatories	True
What are characteristics of Uranus	are you wondering when uranus was discovered	True
I need information on income tax return online	what type of craft are you using the pvc for	False
Find information about penguins.	are you interested in where penguins live	True
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	are you seeking an event calendar for dutchess county	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	have you talked to your doctor about heart rate	False
I'm looking for keyboard reviews	are you interested in electronic keyboard reviews	True
tell me about tangible personal property tax	are you interested in a specific aspect of uplift at yellowstone national park	False
tell me about idaho state flower	do you need mediciation for fibromyalgia	False
Find me reviews of the les Miserables.	do you want reviews of the les miserables concert	True
I am looking for sources of used car parts.	are you looking for used car parts from a particular manufacturer	True
How to register dmv in va?	are you looking for physical locations of dmv offices	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	are you wanting writings by the pastor	True
How can one can become highway patrol	are you interested in knowing the avergae salary of an employee of the tennessee highway patrol	True
I’m looking for blue throated hummingbird	do you want to know if blue throated hummingbirds are nice	True
Where can I find cheap internet	are you interested in finding cheap items on the internet	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	do you want to know how many different types of worms there are	False
Find condos in Florida.	are you looking to buy or lease	True
I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	would you like to become a paralegal	True
Find information about flushing.	are you interested in korean language degrees	False
Tell me about avp	do you need to see what is sold there	False
How can one can become highway patrol	are you interested to fill a survey for them	True
I’m looking for blue throated hummingbird	would you like to know anything specific related to it life style	True
Find me information about the Ritz Carlton Lake Las Vegas.	are you wanting the rates for the ritz carlton in las vegas	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	do you want to know how to get to arkansas	False
Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	do you have map apps on your phone	False
What are signs of a heartattack?	would you like to see the signs of a heart attack in women or in men	True
Where can I find information about forearm pain?	are you looking for a specific method to cure your forearm pain	True
how to hire disc jockey	would you like to know how to become a dj	True
Tell me about Obama family tree.	which specific details would you like to learn about obamas heritage	True
What are specific dangers of asbestos?	would you like to know about health problems that arise from exposure to asbestos	True
Give me air travel information.	do you need to find out about airport weather delays	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	are you looking for nearby medical practices that treat the condition	True
tell me about diversity	are you looking for a specific content related to diversity	True
tell me about diversity	do you need the definition of diversity	True
I'm interested in InuYasha	is the ps 2 games for a child or an adult	False
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	are you interested in history of presidents	True
I'm interested in dinosaurs	what services do you want to find information about	False
What are the best recepies for grilling	are you looking for a grill for grilling food	True
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	do you want a job in dutchess county	False
tell me about UNC	is unc the name of a game	True
How can one can become highway patrol	do you need the number of patrols cars used by the tn highway patrol	True
Find information about the gs pay rate	do you want to know the pay range for a specific payscale	True
figs	would you like to watch videos about how figs grow andor how to prepare them	True
Tell me about Barbados.	are you interested in barbados flag	True
What is California Franchise Tax Board	do you wish to do an entity search	True
I'm interested in dinosaurs	are you looking for dinosaur books	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	do you want to know about indoor or outdoor grilling	True
How is identifying spider bites?	are you interested in spider bite symptoms	True
tell me about UNC	would you like to learn about the unc campuses	True
Tell me about of Ralph Owen Brester.	would you like to know what movie star portrayed brewster in the movie the aviator and what award the movie star was nominated for the performance	True
Tell me about kansas city mo	would you like to directions to kansas city	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	would you like to learn about weather stripping	False
all men are created equal	which use of that quote are you interested in	True
how to build a fence?	are you looking for instructions to build a fence	True
What to do in Arkansas	are you looking for weather in arkansas	True
I'm looking for a wedding budget calculator	would you like to see articles about wedding budgeting	True
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	do you need requirements for food stamps in iowa	False
Find information on ontario california airport.	do you need a map of the area would you like the website address	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	are you interested in learning about arkansas	False
Tell about an adobe indian house?	are you looking for a tour of adobe indian houses	True
Find information about the gs pay rate	would you like to know what the idaho sate flower is	False
Where can I find cheap internet	are you wondering where cheap internet is	True
Tell me about Pocono	what kind of place would you like to stay at in the poconos	True
Where should I order dog clean-up bags	are you referring to a specif type of dog clean up bag	True
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	would you like the arizona state fish and game comissions contact information	True
Give me espn sports information.	would you like to know more about growing figs	False
Find me information about diabetes education	do you want to compare prices for website hosting and design	False
Tell me more about HP mini 2140	do you want to download drivers for the hp mini 2140	True
what is the best long term care insurance	are you interested in the cost for best long term care insurance or short term	True
Tell me about hotels in New York.	is there a specific neighborhood you are interested in	True
tell me about idaho state flower	do youwant to know what year idaho declared a state flower	True
What is equal opportunity employer?	are you wanting information about west point	False
where can I buy a trombone?	are you interested in selling or buying a trombone on amazon	True
How to change the toilet in the house	would you like a new toilet	True
I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	do you watch lawbased television	True
Information about east ridge high school.	do you need directions to east ridge high school	True
Tell me about fybromyalgia	do you need to find a doctor that treats fibromyalgia	True
i will survive lyrics	do you want the lyrics to the chorus	True
Where can I find information about forearm pain?	are you looking for causes of forearm pain	True
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	would you like to know what distinguishes gmat from gre	False
Information about raffles	are you interested in raffles tv series	True
Find information about the secret garden.	would you like to know about where to purchase a wilson antenna	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	how much do you need to lower your heart rate	False
How should I use the septic system design	are you interested in a tank design or one that dumps into open water	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	would you like the latest news of barbados	False
How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	are you interested in example of thank you letters for interview	True
What are characteristics of Uranus	are you wondering what uranus is made of	True
how to hire disc jockey	what would you like to know about culpeper national cemetary	False
Where can I find information about forearm pain?	are you looking for causes of forearm pain	True
tell me about mgb	are you interested in the gt or the roadster	True
tell me about rock and gem shows	do you want to see the nearest rock and gem shows	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	would you like to find exercises to lower your heart rate	False
What are specific dangers of asbestos?	are you interested in buying a tv with a computer included	False
What is von Willebrand Disease?	are you looking for specific information about von willebrand disease	True
Tell me about civil war battles in South Carolina	are you interested in civil war battle memorials and other structures in south carolina	True
Child support in Indiana?	are you interested in a calculator for child support payments	True
How should I use the septic system design	do you want the history of porterville	False
Find information about flushing.	arey you conerned about someones face becoming red	True
Tell me about Pocono	do you want to know the latest weather updates for pocono mountains	True
tell me about tangible personal property tax	do you want to know the tangible personal property tax	True
How should I use the septic system design	are you interested in a tank design or one that dumps into open water	True
Tell me about Barbados.	are you interested in visiting barbados	True
Give me espn sports information.	do you want espn sports corporate information	True
Find information on raised gardens.	is this in reference to flowers or vegetables	True
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	would you like to know who are buried at culpeper national cemetery	True
How do I get my free annual credit report?	are you interested in learning if your credit report is safe	True
How do I get my free annual credit report?	would you like to know more about free credit reports	True
I'd like to learn about moths	do you need to identify a moth	True
Find information about atari	which atari computer system would you like to know about	True
Find information about the wall	are you referring to the nbc television show	True
Tell me about Korean language.	are you looking for information about hangul	True
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	do you want to learn about our president	True
I'm looking for information on hurricane Irene flooding in manville nj	are your referring to damages sustained due to hurrican irene flooding in manville nj	True
I'm looking for flame designs	what colors do you want to use	True
Tell me about american military university.	would you like to read some reviews about american military university	True
Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	what would you like to know about electronic skeet shoot	True
Where should I order dog clean-up bags	do you want to know if they are a requirement where you live	True
Find information about flushing.	arey you conerned about someones face becoming red	True
What is Fickle Creek Farm	do you want the history of fickle creek farm	True
how to build a fence?	do you want to know more about companies headquartered in bellevue washington	False
Tell me about kansas city mo	are you looking for casinos in kansas city missouri	True
Find information about the secret garden.	are you interested in visiting a secret garden	True
Where can I find cheap internet	how do you know if your internet service is inexpensive	True
What is California Franchise Tax Board	do you want a phone number	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you interested in the computer game worms	False
Tell me about the sit and reach test.	do you want general information about the test	True
tell me about rock and gem shows	are you interested in east ridge high school latest news	False
What can I do in sherwood regional library	do you want the address	True
Find sewing instructions for me	would you like to know how to sew on a button	True
I’m looking for the music man.	are you interested in what services alexian brothers hospital offers	False
Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	do you want the address	True
What is USDA food pyramid	do you want to know if the food pyramid still in use	True
How do I get my free annual credit report?	are you interested in learning if your credit report is safe	True
Where should I order dog clean-up bags	which price listings would you like to know	True
What to do in Arkansas	are you looking for lipoma removal	False
how to hire disc jockey	would you like to learn more about how to exercise with the bowflex power pro	False
Tell me about avp	would you like to know what avp stands for	True
Find information on hip fractures	do you need the cause of the injury	True
tell me about rock and gem shows	would you like to see pictures or videos of dinosaurs	False
Find me information about diabetes education	are you interested in an online site for diabetes	True
to be or not to be that is the question	are you interested in the quote from hamlet	True
How should I use the septic system design	do you want to get a hunting or fishing license in arizona	False
I’m interested in old coins	do you want to sell old coins	True
What is a 403b?	are you looking for the information how 403b plan works	True
I'm looking for information on hobby stores	is this a hobby where anyone can build things	True
tell me about rock and gem shows	would you like directions to local rock and gem shows	True
Tell me about ps 2 games?	do you need tips on diy organizational methods	False
Tell me about scooters.	do you need a retailer near you	True
Tell me about cell phones.	what adoption agency or shelter would you like to use	False
Find information about the secret garden.	the secret garden has been made into many films and series which version of the secret garden are you intrested in	True
Tell me about Pocono	do you need contact information for the university of phoenix	False
what are the popular jobs in Michigan	are you looking for a specific job or the job search site	True
tell me about rock and gem shows	what would you like to know about rock and gem shows	True
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	are you looking for prepaid phones	False
Where can I find information about forearm pain?	are you worried your forearm pain means you have a broken bone	True
Information about raffles	what category are you searching for raffles in	True
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	are you looking for the records for culpeper national cemetary	True
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	regarding food stamps in iowa are you looking for eligibility information	False
Tell me about Neil Young.	are you looking for similar artists to neil young	True
Which gps receiver I should buy	are you looking for topics related to bathroom health	False
What are the best recepies for grilling	do you want to know more about the grilling process	True
How can I adopt a dog	what breed of dogs are you looking for	True
What is yahoo	which episodes of inuyasha would you like to see	False
Find information about the wall	are you referring to the vietnam veterans memorial wall	True
What are specific dangers of asbestos?	do you need to book a dj for an event	False
TV on computer	are you looking for netflix	True
I'm looking for information on dieting	how fast would you like to lose weight	True
Find sewing instructions for me	would you like to know some basic tips for sewing	True
What to do in Arkansas	do you want information on jobs in arkansas	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	would you like to know what effects hart beat rate	False
Tell me about american military university.	do you need info on what jax chemical company produces	False
I'm interested in poker tournaments	do you want to know who won the last world series of poker	True
Where can I find cheap internet	what companies have the lowestcost internet service	True
Give me information on OCD.	would you like to know more about ocd	True
What is California Franchise Tax Board	do you want to know the price to hire a dj	False
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	would you like to know where to buy one	True
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	would you like to see how these fats effect human arteries	False
Looking for information about the Orange County Convention Center	do you want to know their hours of operation	True
I want to learn about rock art.	do you want to buy rock art	True
Tell me about Korean language.	are you looking for nearby classes	True
what are the popular jobs in Michigan	do you want to know the number of available jobs on the website	True
Find me information about the Ritz Carlton Lake Las Vegas.	are you looking for any specific games to play there	True
How can I quick smoking	do you want information on how many people successfully quit smoking	True
what is the best long term care insurance	do you need a list of available new york hotels	False
Tell me more about satilies	what kind of satellite are you looking for	True
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	are you looking for iron metal products	False
How can I lower my heart rate?	would you like to know more about the inuyasha illustrator and writer	False
I'm interested in InuYasha	which ps 2 game franchises are you interested in	False
tell me about uss yorktown charleston SC	do you need directions from your location to the uss yorktown	True
Tell me about fybromyalgia	are you looking for a specific web site	False
Tell me about Korean language.	do you wish to take a korean language test	True
Tell me about fybromyalgia	is your volvo having a maintenance issue	False
tell me about iron	are you looking for iron metal products	True
What to do in Arkansas	what city in barbados are you interested in learning	False
Find information about the secret garden.	what kind of wilson antenna are you interested in	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	are you planning to run or exercise	False
what is the best long term care insurance	would you like to see a map of kansas city mo	False
I'd like to learn about moths	are you looking for luna moths	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	how do you intend to use hp mini 2140	False
Tell me about er television show.	what season of er are you interested in	True
how to hire disc jockey	do you want to go to a djs website	True
Tell me about ron howard.	are you interested in ron howards personal life	True
Find information about flushing.	are you referring to flushing new york	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	would you like to know more about the inuyasha illustrator and writer	False
What are specific dangers of asbestos?	do you want to go to a djs website	False
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	what event do you want to attend at the fairgrounds	True
How should I use the septic system design	would you like the location of the arizona fish and game comission	False
Find information about Mitchell College.	do you want a spell check for avp	False
Find information about flushing.	are you trying to learn the korean language	False
figs	are you interested in the fruit or are you looking for the clothing brand that sells scrubs	True
How can I adopt a dog	what breed of dog are you looking for	True
Tell me more about satilies	do you want to know about a satellite receivers or dishes	True
How should I use the septic system design	are you wondering where porterville is	False
tell me about rock and gem shows	would you like a list of rock and gem shows in 2018	True
Tell me about fybromyalgia	would you like to buy semi truck	False
I'm looking for keyboard reviews	what type of keyboard reviews are you looking for	True
Information about east ridge high school.	are you interested in selling a trombone you own	False
tell me about ct jobs	do you want to know the average salary in this state	True
Find me information about PVC	what project do you want to use the pvc for	True
Tell me more about Rocky Mountain News	are you talking about news in colorado	True
What are specific dangers of asbestos?	are you looking to find a djs website	False
What are the best recepies for grilling	would you like to know more about hunting rules	False
How to change the toilet in the house	are you looking for the location of michworks	False
I need information about the University of Phoenix.	is there any specific web page on your mind	False
tell me about rock and gem shows	would you like a list of dinosaur movies	False
Tell me about Pocono	are you looking for the information about split rock restore	True
What can I do in sherwood regional library	are you looking for any specific information about the library	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	do you want more informaiton about grilling vegtables	True
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	are you looking for prepaid phones	False
Find me information about PVC	are you interested in types of pvc pipe	True
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	are you interested in any specific events here	True
tell me about diversity	are you looking into diversity in hiring	True
Tell me more about satilies	are you referring to the company called satellite industries inc	True
How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	do you want to find online tv streaming services	False
What are signs of a heartattack?	is someone you know experiencing a heart attack	True
What is yahoo	would you like to know what effects hart beat rate	False
Tell me about kansas city mo	would you want to know what is in a credit report	False
butter and margarine	do you want themed maps	False
Find information on Porterville.	are you looking for a specific web site	False
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	are you interested in price comparison of packages	True
Find information about tornadoes	are you interested in how tornadoes are formed	True
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	when do you want to take a gmat prep class	False
TV on computer	are you looking for netflix	True
Tell me about Pocono	are you interested in lodgings	True
I'm interested in poker tournaments	do you want to know how poker tournaments are played	True
I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	do you need info on jax chemical company	True
I need information on income tax return online	are you interested in pvc pipe	False
where to find morel mushrooms	are they poisonous	True
I'd like to learn about joints	would you like to know about home remedies for joint pain	True
tell me about tangible personal property tax	do you want to know the tangible personal property tax	True
Tell me about Obama family tree.	are you interested in learning more about ralph owen brewseter	False
How can I lower my heart rate?	which inuyasha characters are you interested in	False
How to prepare for the GMAT?	do you want to know the price of hp mini 2140	False
Find information on ontario california airport.	would you like to hear nes about ontario california airport	True
I'm looking for a wedding budget calculator	were you interested in a free or paid budget calculator	True
I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	are you looking for information on the origins of the company	True
How to use wiki?	are you interested in how wiki is used	True
How to change the toilet in the house	do you need to repair your toilet	True
What is yahoo	would you like to know more about the inuyasha illustrator and writer	False
I'm interested in poker tournaments	which poker tournament are you interested in knowing more about	True
Tell me about weather stripping	would you like information about installing weather stripping	True
figs	are you looking for information on its maintenance	False
Find Brooks Brothers clearance.	are you trying to find brooks brothers clearance suits	True
what is the best long term care insurance	are you interested in comparing coverage prices	True
How to cook pork tenderlion	would you like to make a rub for pork tenderloin	True
Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	would you like to know different types of it	True
tell me about rock and gem shows	are you interested in finding rock and gem shows near you	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	do you need to know how to trun a grill on	True
tell me about iron	would you like to buy supplements	True
Where can I find cheap internet	or maybe free internet	True
What is von Willebrand Disease?	are you interested in the types of von willebrand disease	True
figs	do you want to know about alternatives to a septic system	False
How do I get my free annual credit report?	are you interested in price comparison of packages	False
Tell me about fybromyalgia	are you looking for any specific support group in relation to fybromyalgia	True
Tell me about designer dog breeds.	are you interested in the price of the designer dog breed	True
Which gps receiver I should buy	do you want to know how many gps satellites are active	True
I’m looking for the music man.	are you looking for lyrics from the songs from the music man	True
I'm looking for information on dieting	are you looking for dieting tips	True
Tell me about kansas city mo	would you like to know the weather in kansas city	True
Find information on ontario california airport.	would you like directions from your location	True
Tell me information about a sore throat.	are you looking for some medication	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	do you want to know if dnr is legal where you live	False
Give me information about tribe formerly living in alabama	would you like a history of the cherokee tribe	True
I'm looking for a wedding budget calculator	do you need this information for any specific part of your ceremony	True
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	have you been to this clinic before	True
Tell me about Barbados.	are you interested in barbados flag	True
Tell me about ps 2 games?	are you looking for a specific web site	False
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you referring to bellevue nebraska	True
What to do in Arkansas	do you want to move to arkansas	True
How can I adopt a dog	are you trying to fix your toilet	False
Is Kenmore heater good	would you like me to find the nearest kenmore store for you	True
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	are you looking to subsitute butter and margarine	False
Tell me information about a sore throat.	would you like to know more about throat cancer	True
Tell me about avp	do you want to know how male vs female avps in a company	True
Find information about the secret garden.	are you interested in gardening	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	would you like to read about colleges in arkansas	False
Find information about penguins.	are you trying to find out about the kcs mental health clinic	False
Tell me about fybromyalgia	do you want information on treatments for fibromyalgia	True
I am looking for sources of used car parts.	would you like to know maore about getting the best used car parts	True
map	do you want themed maps	True
What are signs of a heartattack?	do you think the best long term care insurance is right for you	False
I'm looking for information on duchess county tourism	did you want to know the amount of tourism dutchess county gets	True
What is Fickle Creek Farm	which treatments are you looking for at mayo clinic jacksonville fl	False
I want to learn about rock art.	do you want the history of rock art	True
I'd like to learn about joints	are you suffering pain in one of your joints	True
I’m looking for blue throated hummingbird	would you like to know where it originates from	True
I'd like to learn about joints	are you looking for information on the purpose of joints	True
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	are you looking for things to do near culpeper national cemetery	True
Find information about the secret garden.	what do you want to use the antenna for	False
Find information about Mitchell College.	do you want to know when the next semester starts at mitchell college	True
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	are you interested in the size of the company	False
Tell me about avp	are you looking for a deadliest catch product	False
Find information on hip fractures	are you looking for a specific insurance company	False
Find me information about diabetes education	are you wanting to find a class on the education of the disease of diabetes	True
tell me about ct jobs	are there specific jobs you are looking for	True
map	do you need traveling assistance or direction	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	are you referring to malignant lipolysis	True
What is yahoo	are you interested in the music from inuyasha	False
how to build a fence?	will this be a tall fence or short fence	True
Find information about the secret garden.	are you looking for a garden in you area	True
Tell me about Afganistan.	do you want to know the leaders of afghanistan	True
tell me about ct jobs	do you want to know who is hiring here	True
Tell me more about dnr	would you like to know where you can get cpr certified	True
Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	what size is your toilet	False
Tell me about black history.	would you like to directions to kansas city	False
What is Fickle Creek Farm	are you looking for specific information regarding fickle creek farm	True
Tell me more about satilies	do you want to know more about the technology behind satellites	True
tell me about iron	do you want to know more about jobs in connecticut	False
I’m interested in civil right movement	are you interested in knowing what started the civil rights movement	True
Find information about penguins.	are you looking for the college	False
I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	do you need the address of east ridge high school	False
I want to learn about rock art.	are you looking for information about cave painting in any location	True
Where can I find information about forearm pain?	are you looking for treatments to forearm pain	True
Find information about elliptical trainer	are you looking for a specific website	False
tell me about wilson antenna	which type of antenna are you interested in	True
Tell me information about computer programming.	are you looking for a job in computer programming	True
How can I quick smoking	are you looking for information on how to quit smoking	True
How to register dmv in va?	do you want to know what vines for shade are available in your region	False
What is a 403b?	would you like to see resources for retirement investing	True
tell me about iron	do you want to know how to craft tools made of iron	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	would you like to know where you can get cpr certified	False
How to change the toilet in the house	do you want to watch the music man film	False
Tell me about ps 2 games?	would you like to see a list of new released ps2 games	True
Tell me about cell phones.	would you like an unlocked phone	True
I’m looking for blue throated hummingbird	are you looking for any specific photos	True
I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	do you want to learn about the law	True
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	are you interested in grilling a specefic food	False
Tell me about hotels in New York.	do you need a map of hotels	True
tell me about tangible personal property tax	would you like to know trending data or a timeline for the uplift at yellowstone national park	False
I'm looking for a wedding budget calculator	did you want to see if there was an app to do it	True
Tell me about designer dog breeds.	are you interested in the price of the designer dog breed	True
Tell me information about Volvo.	are you looking for a dealer in a specific location	True
What are specific dangers of asbestos?	do you want to know whether living in a home with asbestos insulation can cause people to become sick	True
Tell me about Afganistan.	are you looking for current news about afghanistan	True
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	are you looking for any specific facilities	True
Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	do you want to learn how to make furniture	True
Tell me more about satilies	are you looking for a specific kind of maps and images	True
Find information about the secret garden.	do you have questions about the wilson antenna warrenty	False
how to build a fence?	are you looking bellevue square mall	False
discovery channel store	are you looking to buy an iron for your clothes	False
I'm looking for flame designs	do you want an acronym meanining for avp	False
Find me information on sat	do you need more information about the sat test	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	are you referring to a medical condition for your pet	True
where can I buy a trombone?	how much do you report for your income	False
How to register dmv in va?	would you like the see the calendar of events	False
Find information about atari	do you want to compare prices for website hosting and design	False
Tell me about avp	do you want an acronym meanining for avp	True
tell me about iron	do you know about why its important to have iron in your diet	True
Tell me about kansas city mo	would you like to see a map of kansas city mo	True
I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	are you interested in learning the history of the beatles	True
Which gps receiver I should buy	would you like to know about different types of toilets	False
Tell me about designer dog breeds.	do you want a designer dog	True
Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	would you like to know the best way to clean a toilet	False
I'm looking for information on dieting	how much weight do you want to lose while dieting	True
How to get organised?	how about some organizing tips	True
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	would you like to know more about the mayo clinic facilities and services	True
I'm looking for information on duchess county tourism	do you want a map with driving directions	False
TV on computer	which tv and computer information would you like to know more about	True
Find information about flushing.	do you want to know why your face is flushing	True
all men are created equal	are you trying to look up a speech	True
Tell me more about dnr	would you like to know how far barbados is	False
What is California Franchise Tax Board	are you trying to login to the boards website	True
Find me reviews of the les Miserables.	would you like low rated reviews	True
Find information about the secret garden.	are you interested in educational reviews and essays about the secret garden for a homework assignment	True
tell me about rock and gem shows	would you like a list of rock and gem shows in 2018	True
Tell me about black history.	are you interested in black history	True
Which gps receiver I should buy	are you looking for reviews of gps apps	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	do you want to know how many different types of worms there are	False
What is yahoo	would you like to see inuyasha manga	False
Is Kenmore heater good	what size are you looking for	True
Tell me more on Kansas city railroad	do you want to learn where to purchase fishing bait	False
Tell me information about Volvo.	are you wanting to see videos by the pastor	False
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	do you want to get a hunting or fishing license in arizona	True
I’m interested in civil right movement	are you interested in knowing what started the civil rights movement	True
tell me about idaho state flower	are you interested in french lick resort and casinos hours of operation	False
Tell me about cell phones.	did you want to know what the most popular cell phones are	True
What is equal opportunity employer?	do you want to know where the nile is located	False
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	do you need stock price values for the company	True
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	are you looking for a specific doctor at mayo clinic jacksonville fl	True
Tell me information about a sore throat.	would you like things to do to soothe a sore throat	True
Tell me about Pocono	when are you going to the pococnos	True
I'm interested in InuYasha	which episodes of inuyasha would you like to see	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	what is the heart rate youre looking to achieve	False
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	are you looking to use butter and margarine in baking	False
I’m interested in civil right movement	would you like to know about any specific acts	True
Find information about flushing.	are you looking for a dictionary	False
Tell me about hotels in New York.	are you interested in recent news headlines from kansas city mo	False
What can I do in sherwood regional library	do you need the contact information for the sherwood regional library	True
Find information on French Lick Resort and Casino.	do you want the distance between your current location and french lick resort and casino	True
Information about raffles	would you like to know more about sir stamford raffles	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	would you like to know about blushing	False
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	are you interested in history of presidents	True
Tell me about er television show.	are you interested on when er tv show started	True
Tell me about Barbados.	are you trying to locate the causes for lipoma	False
butter and margarine	would you like to know how butter and margarine are used in recipes	True
How can I quick smoking	are you wondering if it is hard to quit smoking	True
Find information about the sun.	are you interested in the suns size	True
What can I do in sherwood regional library	do you want to know if this is the company martha stewart went to jail for	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	would you like to know what effects blood pressure and cholesterol	False
What is equal opportunity employer?	would you like to know how to get to the american military university	False
What are the best recepies for grilling	would you like to contact a lawyer about a possible dnr	False
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	would you like to see some different exercises which can be done with this equipment	True
Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	do you want to buy it online	True
Information about east ridge high school.	are you looking for a flowering ivy	False
Tell me more about Rocky Mountain News	what type of news are you interested in	True
tell me about mgb	do you need the history of the mgb	True
Is Kenmore heater good	are you looking for a specific web site	False
I'm looking for flame designs	do you want to know how long a female dogs heat lasts	False
Tell me about avp	are you looking for the stock symbol avp	True
How do I get my free annual credit report?	do you want information on how to keep your credit report good	True
How to change the toilet in the house	do you need to repair your toilet	True
how to hire disc jockey	are you a dj	True
figs	would you like to know how it functions	False
Tell me about Bellevue.	would you like to see diagrams of how a toilet flushes	False
tell me about iron	are you looking for ct jobs in your area	False
I'm looking for flame designs	would you like to buy stencils online	True
Tell me about ps 2 games?	would you like to see a list of new released ps2 games	True
I'm interested in dinosaurs	are you trying to compare different fitness centers in arkadelphia ar	False
Give me air travel information.	are you searching for a specific airport	True
Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	are you trying to rent at a disneyland hotel	True
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	do you want to know about indoor or outdoor grilling	False
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you looking for a hospital in new york ny	True
I’m looking for information on worm	do you want to know facts about the creature worm	True
how to build a fence?	do you want to know more about companies headquartered in bellevue washington	False
I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	do you want a list of firms that are currently hiring paralegals	True
Find information about the secret garden.	are you interested in the original classic book by frances hodges burnett	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you looking for a directions to the new york hall of science in flushing meadows corona park	False
Is Kenmore heater good	are you referring to the specific company	False
How to register dmv in va?	are you searching for required documentation for vehicle registration	True
What is yahoo	would any specific game interest you	False
Tell me information about Volvo.	would you like to know what their rating is compare to other car companies	True
Tell me more about USA tax for annuity	do you want to know about companies that provide indexed annuities	True
Find information about penguins.	are you interested in the penguins of madagascar	True
Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	would you like a website about this topic	True
I want to learn about rock art.	do you want to buy rock art	True
Tell me about madam cj walker	would you like to see facts about madam cj walkers early life	True
Find me information about PVC	are you interested in pvc pipe	True
Find information about tornadoes	are you looking for information on weather	True
Give me information about Titan.	are you interested in learning more about mythological titans	True
tell me about symptoms of mad cow disease in humans	did you want to know how to treat mad cow disease	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	do you want to know more about the grilling process	True
figs	are you interested in the fruit or are you looking for the clothing brand that sells scrubs	True
What to do in Arkansas	would you like to find a plane ticket to barbados	False
I'm looking for keyboard reviews	do yo want to know about keyboards internationally	True
Tell about an adobe indian house?	what type of adobe indian house are you looking for	True
tell me about wilson antenna	do you need to get a part of a wilson antenna	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	do you want to know how to get to arkansas	False
Tell me about er television show.	would you like to buy the dvd of er tv show	True
Find sewing instructions for me	can you read sewing patterns	True
tell me about wilson antenna	do you have questions about the wilson antenna warrenty	True
How can I view my internet history?	did you want to erase your history	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	would you like to find foods that will lower your heart rate	False
Find Brooks Brothers clearance.	do you want find clothing stores	True
tell me about cass county missouri	which part of cass county are you referring to	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you looking for a directions to the new york hall of science in flushing meadows corona park	False
Find information about flushing.	would you like to know about the plumbing mechanisms of flushing	True
Tell me about Barbados.	are you looking for a specific website	True
Tell me about the sit and reach test.	would you like to know where the test is used in	True
map	is there a certain melody you are interested in	False
Tell me about designer dog breeds.	are you looking for a list of the top designer dog breeds	True
Find me information about diabetes education	which atari computer system would you like to know about	False
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	are you searching for the information in regard to lipoma symptoms	True
Tell me about madam cj walker	are you looking for her whereabouts	True
Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	do you want to know what electronic skeet shoot is	True
Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	the history of flame design	False
Tell me more about us presidents	are you looking for the middle names of the early presidents	True
Tell me information about Volvo.	would you like to know what country volvo is located	True
tell me about idaho state flower	are you looking for some fun facts	True
tell me about rock and gem shows	are you looking for lapidary classes	True
Find information about the gs pay rate	are you interested in the histroy behind it	False
Tell me about Afganistan.	are you looking for any specific details on the safety of afghanistan	True
I need information about the University of Phoenix.	are you interested in schools in poterville	False
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	are you looking for a clinic for lipoma treatment	True
I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	are you trying to purchase the beatles rock band game	True
Tell me more about dnr	would you like to contact a lawyer about a possible dnr	True
Find information on hip fractures	would you like to buy a book on the best types of best long term insurances and learn more about it	False
Is Kenmore heater good	would you like to know the size of this product	True
Tell me about cell phones.	are you looking for cell phones for kids	True
how to build a fence?	are you referring to bellevue washington	False
What are signs of a heartattack?	is this an emergency	True
I'm interested in InuYasha	what is the most you are willing to spend on a ps 2 game	False
What to do in Arkansas	do you need a map of arkansas	True
I'm interested in mothers day songs	are you curious about rock and gem shows	False
Tell me about kansas city mo	would you like to know the zip code of kansas city mo	True
Find information about the sun.	are you looking for a history of solar eclipses	True
tell me about wilson antenna	would you like to read some reviews of wilson antennas	True
Tell me more about satilies	are you interested in learning more about satellite phones or radio	True
How do I get my free annual credit report?	are you interested in visiting	False
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	are you trying to compare android to ios	False
Tell me more about Hawain volcanos	do you want to know what specific purposes the observatories serve	True
What to do in Arkansas	would you like the latest news of barbados	False
I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	do you need info on what jax chemical company produces	True
Tell me about fybromyalgia	what type of fibromyalgia statistics are you looking for	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	do you have high blood pressure	False
Find me information about PVC	would you like to learn more about pvc pipes and fittings	True
where to find morel mushrooms	which country do you want to find mushrooms in	True
Is Kenmore heater good	do you need the address or location for the company	False
I need information on income tax return online	do you want names of companies that file income taxes online	True
Find sewing instructions for me	would you like instructions on how to use a sewing machine	True
What is California Franchise Tax Board	do you need specific forms to fill out	True
What is USDA food pyramid	do you want to learn more about the usda food pyramid	True
I am looking for sources of used car parts.	do you want to sell used car parts	True
Tell me about ps 2 games?	how many ps 2 games are you looking to buy	True
Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	do you need information about furniture arrangement	True
I'm looking for flame designs	are you looking for avp beach volleyball	False
How to get organised?	are you interested in playing online games	False
Tell me about madam cj walker	would you like to know about madam cj walkers products	True
How can one can become highway patrol	are you looking for a specific web site	True
Tell me about kansas city mo	do you want to learn about unc the school	False
What was electoral college 2008 results?	which party do you want results from	True
Tell me about Pocono	where in pocono are you interested in	True
How to cook pork tenderlion	do you need to know how long to cook pork tenderloin	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	do you want to know about worms in dogs	False
tell me about diversity	do you need the definition of diversity	True
Tell me information about computer programming.	are you looking for information on different computer programming languages	True
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	do you want to know more about the grilling process	False
How to prepare for the GMAT?	do you feel unprepared for the gmat test	True
Tell me about the sit and reach test.	are you looking for information on how its scored	True
I need information about the University of Phoenix.	are you interested in comparing university of phoenix with other universities in any specific aspect	True
I'm interested in InuYasha	which episodes of inuyasha would you like to see	True
Find information about atari	are you interested in atari games or information about the brand	True
What is yahoo	which inuyasha characters are you interested in	False
Tell me about Barbados.	do you need info on remedies	False
Tell me about Korean language.	are you looking for nearby classes	True
Tell me more on health clubs in Arkansas	would you like to know subsrition pricing to arkadelphia health club	True
I need information on income tax return online	may i provide you medical definition of premature ventricular contractions	False
Tell me about Obama family tree.	what would you like to know about obamas heritage	True
How to get organised?	are you in the beginning or more advanced stages of getting organized	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	what year model are you looking for	False
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you looking for things to do in bellevue	True
figs	would you like to watch videos about how figs grow andor how to prepare them	True
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	are you looking for homeopathic sore throat treatments	False
Find information on raised gardens.	are you looking for any specific photos	True
Tell me about ron howard.	are you interested in when ron howard was younger or his older work	True
Where can I find cheap internet	are you interested in lowcost internet providers	True
Tell me about ps 2 games?	are you searching for a local educational program	False
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	is there a medical condition that you are looking heal	True
who invented music	are you interested in musical notes and their origins	True
What is yahoo	would you like to know more about the inuyasha illustrator and writer	False
What is yahoo	would you like to know more about the inuyasha illustrator and writer	False
How can I quick smoking	would you like to know about the benefits of quitting smoking	True
Tell me about source of the nile	which nile are you interested in learning about	True
Give me information on OCD.	are you looking for a test to check for ocd	True
Tell me about Barbados.	do you need the cause of the injury	False
Tell me about Bellevue.	would you like to see diagrams of how a toilet flushes	False
Tell me about Pocono	are you looking for reviews of the university of phoenix	False
I’m looking for information on worm	do you want to learn where to purchase fishing bait	True
I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	do you want to buy their music	True
discovery channel store	do you need to see what is sold there	True
Tell me about Barbados.	would you like a map of barbados	True
Find information on French Lick Resort and Casino.	are you looking for a specific web page	True
Find me information about the Last Supper painting.	do you want to know where you can view the last supper painting	True
Find information about elliptical trainer	would you like to how to adopt a dog	False
What is equal opportunity employer?	would you be interested in learning more about the history of the american military university	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	are you referring to the search engine	False
What is California Franchise Tax Board	do you want contact information for the board	True
I'm interested in poker tournaments	do you want to know who won the last world series of poker	True
Find information about flushing.	what aspect of the flushing remostrance would you like to learn more about	True
Tell me about hotels in New York.	is there a specific hotel you are looking for	True
Find information on Porterville.	would you like to see information on fishing in arizona	False
Give me espn sports information.	what sport are you interested in	True
Looking for information about the Orange County Convention Center	do you need a taxi	True
Find information about the secret garden.	are you interested in the original classic book by frances hodges burnett	True
What are signs of a heartattack?	would you like to buy a book on the best types of best long term insurances and learn more about it	False
Find information about penguins.	are you looking for a hospital in new york ny	False
Tell me about texas border patrol.	do you want to apply for a job here	True
Tell me more about HP mini 2140	do you want reviews of the hp mini 2140	True
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	are you interested in grilling equipment	False
how to hire disc jockey	would you like to see some reviews	False
Tell me about vines for shade.	are you interested in what the the company imclone does	False
How to change the toilet in the house	do you need information on how to install a toilet	True
Give me information on OCD.	do you want examples of ocd	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	would you like to know about normal heart rate	False
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	what cell phone apps are you interested in	False
how to hire disc jockey	are you looking for things to do near culpeper national cemetery	False
tell me about ct jobs	are you keeping people out or animals in	False
Find information about the secret garden.	where are you looking to mount the antenna	False
Tell me about Barbados.	are you interested in the history of barbados	True
Tell me about Korean language.	how did you file your previous year taxes	False
How can I lower my heart rate?	would you like to see inuyasha manga	False
I’m looking for blue throated hummingbird	would you like to know where you can find them	True
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	are you trying to determine whats a safe amount of iron in your blood	False
Tell me about Bellevue.	what items are you interested in flushing down the toilet	False
Find information about the secret garden.	are you looking for a specific web page	False
Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	are you interested where to find one	True
I'm interested in InuYasha	would you like to see inuyasha manga	True
Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	are you looking for requirements to become a food assistance	True
Find me information about PVC	what project do you want to use the pvc for	True
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	would you like the location of the arizona fish and game comission	True
Tell me more about satilies	do you want to know about natural or artificial satellites	True
What is yahoo	would you like to know more about kagome higurashi	False
Tell me about source of the nile	is there any specific information about the river that would interest you	True
tell me about iron	would you like to know information about iron fe	True
butter and margarine	are you looking for the brands of butter and margarine	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	do you want to know about grilling meat	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	are you looking for nearby medical practices that treat the condition	True
I’m looking for the music man.	do you want to watch the music man film	True
how to build a fence?	would you like to see notable residents of bellevue washington	False
I'd like to learn about moths	are you looking to fix a moth infestation	True
Information about bobcat	would you like to learn about tractors	True
I’m looking for the music man.	are you looking for job openings at alexian brothers hospital	False
Find information about the secret garden.	do you have a specific purpose for the antenna	False
Find me information about diabetes education	who you be interested in becoming a diabetes educator	True
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	any specific company on your mind	False
How can I lower my heart rate?	are you looking for specific fanrelated information	False
Find me information on sat	do you need sat study materials	True
tell me about wilson antenna	do you want black and white or colored designs	False
Find information on Porterville.	is there any specific web page on your mind	True
Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	which hospital facility are you look for	True
figs	are you interested in a standard gravity type of design 3 feet of absorbant soil	False
Info on dog heat?	would you like to know if spaying would stop the heat of a female dog	True
Child support in Indiana?	are you interested in indiana child support	True
I'm interested in InuYasha	which inuyasha characters are you interested in	True
I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	are you interested in awards received by the band	True
Where can I find cheap internet	are you wondering which provider has the cheapest internet	True
I’m looking for the music man.	are you looking for reviews of the music man	True
I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	would you like information on a particular band member	True
Tell me information about Volvo.	do you need any specific information on obama inauguration	False
Tell me about of Ralph Owen Brester.	are you looking for reviews of gmat prep classes	False
tell me about wilson antenna	what model of wilson antenna are you inquiring about	True
Find information on raised gardens.	what type of information about raised gardens are you looking for	True
What was electoral college 2008 results?	do you want to hear a specific demographic from the results	True
Tell me about Obama family tree.	would you like to know who is currently alive from president obamas family tree	True
Tell me about cell phones.	do you need information about cell phone plans	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	would you like to know about normal heart rate	False
What is martha stewart and imclone?	are you looking for standings of a specific sport	False
I’m looking for the music man.	are you looking for information on the music man musical	True
Tell me more about dnr	are you interested in barbados ecology	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	do you want to access yahoo mail	False
what is the best long term care insurance	would you like to buy a book on the best types of best long term insurances and learn more about it	True
Find me information about the Ritz Carlton Lake Las Vegas.	would you like the history of ritz carlton lake las vegas	True
tell me about iron	are you trying to determine whats a safe amount of iron in your blood	True
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	is this an emergency	True
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	are you looking for an online or inperson gmat prep class	False
who invented music	would you like to know about inventions related to music	True
How to change the toilet in the house	what division of michworks are you interested in	False
Tell me about Barbados.	would you like the latest news of barbados	True
Tell me about scooters.	do you need a retailer near you	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	are you interested in the age breakdown of common hip fracture sufferers	False
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	do you need to know how to trun a grill on	False
I'm interested in mothers day songs	are you looking for any specific lyrics	True
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	what price range are you looking for	True
What is martha stewart and imclone?	would you be interested in learning more about martha stewart and imclones history	True
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	do you want to know how to craft tools made of iron	False
tell me about mgb	do you need the history of the mgb	True
I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	are you looking for some retailers	True
Give me espn sports information.	do you want espn sports corporate information	True
Find Brooks Brothers clearance.	do you want to know about brooks brothers clearance center in garland nc	True
I'm looking for information on VLDL levels	would you like a recommendation on nearby doctors who check cholesteral levels	True
Information about raffles	would you like to book a room in raffles hotel in dubai	True
Find condos in Florida.	are you looking for a specific price range	True
Find information about penguins.	are you using this around the yard	False
Find me information about the Ritz Carlton Lake Las Vegas.	would you like to read some reviews of the ritz carlton lake las vegas	True
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	do you need information about voip phone services	True
Tell me about Barbados.	are you interested in the history of barbados	True
how to build a fence?	are you looking for directions to bellevue	False
Find information about Mitchell College.	are you looking for information on mitchell college in connecticut	True
tell me about dark chocolate health benefits	were you looking for prices of dark chocolate	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	are you looking for the age of rick warren	True
Tell me about weather stripping	would you like to know where to buy weather strips	True
I'm interested in dinosaurs	would you like to know some website address	False
Tell me about er television show.	are you looking for a website to watch er tv show online	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	do you want to know the legality of dnr	False
How to prepare for the GMAT?	any specific company on your mind	True
Find information about atari	are you interested in paid services	False
What is a 403b?	would you like to see the difference between a 403b and 401k account	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	are you looking for a political debate	True
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	do you need a tool to design the site	True
Tell me more about satilies	are you looking for history of the satellite radio systems	True
How can I adopt a dog	would you like to see local spca or humane societies	True
I'm looking for flame designs	are you looking for symptoms of dog heat	False
What is a 403b?	do you need 403b calculator	True
I'm interested in dinosaurs	are you looking for meat eating or plant eating dinosaurs	True
What can I do in sherwood regional library	are you interested in what the the company imclone does	False
Find sewing instructions for me	would you like to know how to sew a dress	True
How do I get my free annual credit report?	do you want a map	False
I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	do you need directions to east ridge high school	False
what is the best long term care insurance	are you looking for reviews of hotels	False
I am looking for sources of used car parts.	do you want to recycle used car parts	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	would you like to see a price range for gmat prep classes	True
Tell me bio of george bush sr.	would you like to watch a debate with george bush sr	True
how to hire disc jockey	would you like to know where to buy one	False
What are signs of a heartattack?	are you interested in more information on the best long term care insurance	False
What is equal opportunity employer?	do you want to know what being an equal opportunity employer means	True
Find me information about diabetes education	is it for a blog or for online retail	False
Tell me about avp	are you looking for the current president of the united states	False
I'm looking for information on hurricane Irene flooding in manville nj	would you like videos about floods associated with hurricane irene	True
How to change the toilet in the house	are you looking for topics related to bathroom health	True
I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	do you need information on the prognosis of lymphoma in dogs	True
Tell me about avp	are you referring to a specific company	True
Find me information about the Last Supper painting.	do you want a book about the last supper painting	True
I’m looking for the music man.	are you looking for the current performance of the music man	True
discovery channel store	are you trying to determine whats a safe amount of iron in your blood	False
Give me information about Titan.	are you referring to titan the moon of saturn	True
How do I get my free annual credit report?	are you interested in a list of companies in which you can get credit reports	True
What are specific dangers of asbestos?	are you referring of the dangers of asbestos in new or old houses	True
Find me information about the Ritz Carlton Lake Las Vegas.	are you looking for any specific games to play there	True
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	do you want to attend the indiana state fair	True
What should I know about the civil war	do you need a list of civil war battles	True
I’m looking for the music man.	what location of alexian brothers hospital do you want to know about	False
Tell me about of Ralph Owen Brester.	who is ralph owen brewster	True
How to cook pork tenderlion	would you like to make a rub for pork tenderloin	True
Find information about atari	what price range are you looking for	False
Find information on French Lick Resort and Casino.	do you want reviews of french lick resort and casino	True
Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	do you want espn sports corporate information	False
Tell me about scooters.	are you looking for locations that have the scooters	True
Where can I find cheap internet	are you wondering how to reduce your internet bill	True
What is California Franchise Tax Board	do you want a phone number	True
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	would you like to see news about culpeper national cemetary	True
Find information on hip fractures	are you interested in any specific statistics for fractures	True
How can one can become highway patrol	would you like to know how many tickets they right ever year	True
What is martha stewart and imclone?	what sport are you interested in	False
I’m looking for the music man.	do you want the contact info for alexian brothers hospital	False
Find information on Porterville.	are you looking to move here	True
Find condos in Florida.	are you interested in condos in sale	True
Find me information about diabetes education	are you searching for a local educational program	True
I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	how do you intend to use hp mini 2140	False
Where can I find information about forearm pain?	are you looking for any specific web pages	True
tell me about bart sf	are you looking for bart travel schedules	True
I want to learn about rock art.	are you trying to make art rock	True
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	do you need to know where you can purchase a grill	False
Find information on hip fractures	are you looking for a specific insurance company	False
I want to learn about rock art.	do you want to know how to perform rock art	True
tell me about tangible personal property tax	are you reffering to the federal or state tax	True
I am looking for sources of used car parts.	do you want to obtain used car parts	True
Which gps receiver I should buy	are you looking for toilet cleaners	False
Tell me more about satilies	what kind of satellite are you looking for	True
discovery channel store	is there any specific type of product on your mind	True
I'm looking for a wedding budget calculator	did you want to see a wedding budget based on your income	True
Tell me about ps 2 games?	which ps 2 game franchises are you interested in	True
Information about bobcat	are you looking for a specific tractor model	True
Tell me about american military university.	do you want a jax chemical company coupon	False
Tell me about sonoma county medical services.	are you interested in the human services department	True
I'm looking for information on hurricane Irene flooding in manville nj	are you looking for before or after results of flooding in manville nj due to hurricane irene	True
how to hire disc jockey	are you looking for djs in your area	True
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	do you need technical support related to your service	True
Tell me about weather stripping	do you want to know major landmark dates	False
map	would you like to see google maps homepage	True
Tell me more on health clubs in Arkansas	do you want to know the difference between that and other taxes	False
what are the popular jobs in Michigan	do you want to know the number of available jobs on the website	True
Find information about the gs pay rate	do you want to know how to take care of it	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	are you referring to the search engine	False
tell me about cass county missouri	there are some interesting historical facts about cass county shall i show them to you	True
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	what cell phone apps are you interested in	False
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	do you need to find hunting and fishing grounds in arizona	True
where to find morel mushrooms	what time of year are you looking for mushrooms	True
How do I get my free annual credit report?	are you looking into price difference of companies in your area	False
what are the popular jobs in Michigan	what division of michworks are you interested in	True
what is the best long term care insurance	do you plan to sign up for coverage online	True
I'm interested in mothers day songs	are you referring to the movie	True
What are characteristics of Uranus	are you wondering what probe visited uranus	True
Give me espn sports information.	do you wnat sports scores	True
I'm looking for information on dieting	are you looking for dieting that involves no medications	True
Tell about an adobe indian house?	do you wish to know the location of native american houses	True
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	what score would you like to achieve on the gmat test	False
Find information about Mitchell College.	would you like information about the alternatives to violence project	False
What are the best recepies for grilling	do you want to know about grilling meat	True
Tell me more about dnr	are you interested in facts about barbados	False
tell me about cass county missouri	can i help you find something on a map	True
I want to learn about rock art.	are you looking for information about cave painting in any location	True
Find information about the wall	do you want to contribute to the gofundme campaign to fund the wall	True
I'm interested in dinosaurs	are you looking for a specific web site about dinosaurs	True
Give me information on OCD.	would you like to know more about ocd	True
How do I get my free annual credit report?	are you wanting a copy of your credit report	True
Tell me about madam cj walker	do you want to know what madam cj walker invented	True
What is equal opportunity employer?	are you referring to the american military university as in the actual school	False
Tell me about black history.	would you like to directions to kansas city	False
tell me about iron	would you like to buy some stuff related pittsburgh penguins	False
Information about east ridge high school.	are you looking for discounted trombines	False
Tell me more on health clubs in Arkansas	are you looking for a 24 hour fitness center	True
What to do in Arkansas	would you like a map of barbados	False
Tell me more about dnr	are you referring to the company or the term do not resuscitate	True
How to register dmv in va?	do you want to obtain forms from the dmv	True
Where can I find cheap internet	do you already have a phone service	True
Find information about the secret garden.	are you looking for a garden in you area	True
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	do you need specific forms to fill out	False
tell me about mgb	are you interested in buying or selling an mgb	True
What is yahoo	do you want to access yahoo mail	True
How can I quick smoking	are you looking for smoking alternative products	True
Find information on Porterville.	do you need information about medical services	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	do you need treatment information for lipoma	True
Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	what would you like to know about electronic skeet shoot	True
Tell me more about satilies	would you like the definition of the word satellite	True
What is yahoo	which episodes of inuyasha would you like to see	False
I'm looking for keyboard reviews	are you looking for a musical keyboard or a computer keyboard	True
Information about east ridge high school.	are you searching for east ridge high school football schedule	True
Tell me about weather stripping	are you interested in weather strips for doors	True
Tell me more about satilies	do you want to know about natural or artificial satellites	True
What are specific dangers of asbestos?	are you looking for djs	False
what is the best long term care insurance	when do you expect to need coverage to begin	True
Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	do you want to know what the current uplift is at yellowstone national park	True
map	are you looking album called mothers days songs	False
Tell me more about satilies	are you looking for history of the satellite radio systems	True
Information about east ridge high school.	would you like to see music stores in your area	False
butter and margarine	are you looking for the history of butter and margarine	True
Is Kenmore heater good	are you looking for any specific facilities	False
Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	have you got any specific question regarding furniture size	True
Tell me bio of george bush sr.	would you like to know what george bush sr did before being president	True
Tell me about the sit and reach test.	do you want to know what is considered a good score	True
How can I adopt a dog	are you looking for a specific website	True
I’m interested in civil right movement	would you like to know about any specific acts	True
tell me about ct jobs	what salary range are you looking for	True
Tell me about kansas city mo	would you like to see a map of kansas city mo	True
I'm looking for flame designs	would you like to know why dogs heat up	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	have you talked to your doctor about heart rate	False
How can one can become highway patrol	did you want to be informed as to whre the tennesse highway patrol academy is located	True
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	are you looking for the brands of butter and margarine	False
Give me air travel information.	do you need more information about different kinds of air travel	True
Tell me about scooters.	are you interested in scooter laws	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	are you looking for what country arkansas is	False
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	would you like to see information on fishing in arizona	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you referring to flushing new york	False
Find information about flushing.	how did you file your previous year taxes	False
tell me about ct jobs	which part of connecticut are you interested in	True
Information about bobcat	would you like to know of any bobcats for sale	True
tell me about tangible personal property tax	can i tell you about the north american plate that moves causing the eventual destruction of the volcano in yellowstone park	False
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	would you like a website about this topic	False
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	are you wanting to visit this hospital because of a friend or family	True
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	are you looking for health facts of butter and mararine	False
what is the best long term care insurance	are you interested in more information on the best long term care insurance	True
map	are you interested in cartography	True
Tell me about avp	are you referring to alien vs predator	True
tell me about cass county missouri	are you looking for places to eat in cass county missouri	True
What is yahoo	would any specific game interest you	False
I'm interested in poker tournaments	do you want to find local tournaments near you	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	are you wanting writings by the pastor	True
Find me information about diabetes education	do you want help finding a medical doctor for diabetes education	True
Tell me more about Rocky Mountain News	do you want to watch news videos or read the news	True
Find information about the secret garden.	what are you using the design for	False
I’m interested in old coins	did you find them	True
Where can I find cheap internet	what companies have the lowestcost internet service	True
How can one can become highway patrol	would you like me to contact them for you	True
I'm looking for a wedding budget calculator	were you interested in a free or paid budget calculator	True
I'm interested in dinosaurs	are you looking for meat eating or plant eating dinosaurs	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	do you want to know the cost of a gmat prep class	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	do you want to learn where to purchase fishing bait	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	would you like to know what effects hart beat rate	False
who invented music	are you interested in the invention of modern music or the beginning of all music	True
Where can I find information about forearm pain?	does your forearm hurt from sports	True
I need information about the University of Phoenix.	is there any specific information that you need about online courses held by university of phoenix	True
Find information about penguins.	are you looking for the college	False
Find information on French Lick Resort and Casino.	are you wanting writings by the pastor	False
What are the best recepies for grilling	do you want to know the most famous person from arkansas	False
What is Fickle Creek Farm	are you looking for a place which sales products from fickle creek farm	True
Tell me about ron howard.	are you looking for a list of movies ron howard directed	True
What are signs of a heartattack?	are you interested in history in the united states	False
I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	do you want a paralegal internship	True
how to build a fence?	are you looking for directions to bellevue	False
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	are you looking for the current president of the united states	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	would you like to find exercises to lower your heart rate	False
What is yahoo	how would you like to watch inuyasha episodes	False
Find information on Porterville.	do you want the history of porterville	True
Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	would you like more information of the course of the yellowstone volcano and the different hypothesizes scientest have	True
Find information about the gs pay rate	are you looking for some fun facts	False
Tell me about weather stripping	are you interested in history in the united states	False
Find information about the secret garden.	what do you want to use the antenna for	False
Tell me about Obama family tree.	which specific details would you like to learn about obamas heritage	True
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	are you interested in grilling a specefic food	False
Is Kenmore heater good	do you need information on employment opportunities	False
I'm interested in dinosaurs	do you want a list of dinosaur names	True
tell me about wilson antenna	are you interested in a specific web page	False
What can I do in sherwood regional library	are you seeking to watch martha stewart and imclone	False
Tell me about Korean language.	are you looking for books on the korean language	True
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	would you like the arizona state fish and game comissions contact information	True
Tell me about Barbados.	do you need treatment information for lipoma	False
butter and margarine	are you on a road trip	False
Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	would you like to see a ground map showing the uplift of yellowstone national park	True
I'm looking for flame designs	would you like to know why dogs heat up	False
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	do you want to know the term length of a us president	True
Tell me about cell phones.	do you need information about special deals	False
What are the best recepies for grilling	do you want to go to arkansas	False
Tell me about ps 2 games?	are you looking for ps 2 games prices	True
Tell me about kansas city mo	are you looking for an apartment in kansas city mo	True
What is Fickle Creek Farm	do you want to know the animal population at fickle creek farm	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	what aspect of the flushing remostrance would you like to learn more about	False
Tell me information about computer programming.	are you interested in the history of computer programming	True
Tell me about vanuatu	are you interested in the location of vanuatu	True
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	do you want to know the iron composition of steel	False
Tell me more on health clubs in Arkansas	would you like to see a list of states which receive tangible personal property tax	False
tell me about iron	are you looking for irons melting point	True
how to build a fence?	are you looking for fencebuilding materials	True
to be or not to be that is the question	are you talking about a psychology book	True
Is Kenmore heater good	do you need stock price values for the company	False
I'd like to learn about moths	would you like to know how to catch moths	True
Tell me about sonoma county medical services.	is this for an emergancy	True
Tell me information about Volvo.	are you referring to the author	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	are you looking for the age of rick warren	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	do you want to know what the symptoms of a hip fracture are	False
How can one can become highway patrol	did you want to be informed as to whre the tennesse highway patrol academy is located	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	what types of ps 2 games do you like to play	False
I’m looking for information on worm	would you like to know what a conficker is	True
What is a 403b?	are you interested in any specific rules	True
tell me about idaho state flower	do you need to find a doctor that treats fibromyalgia	False
Tell me about atypical squamous cells	would you like to know about treatment for atypical squamous cells	True
Tell me about american military university.	do you need product information	False
I am looking for sources of used car parts.	would you like to buy parts online or in person	True
How to change the toilet in the house	would you like to know the best way to clean a toilet	True
how to hire disc jockey	are you looking for djs	True
I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	do you want to read reviews of hp mini 2140	False
Tell me about fybromyalgia	do you want the definition of fibromyalgia	True
Find information on ontario california airport.	would you like to buy tickets to california	True
Tell me about american military university.	are you interested in learning more about tuition costs for the american military university	True
What is a 403b?	do you need 403b calculator	True
Give me espn sports information.	do you want information about espn sports personalities	True
Tell me about Korean language.	are you trying to learn the korean language	True
Tell me bio of george bush sr.	do you want to know the most important events of george bush srs life	True
Find information on hip fractures	do you want to know where to get treatment for a hip fracture	True
tell me about ct jobs	are you looking for ct jobs in your area	True
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	do you want tips on how to be successful in an interview	False
I'd like to learn about joints	would you like to know the various diseases of the joints	True
Find symptoms of heart attack	would you like to know more about chest pain	True
tell me about idaho state flower	do you want to know when the idaho state flower was named	True
Tell me about madam cj walker	would you like historical information on madam cj walker	True
I'm interested in mothers day songs	are you looking for any specific lyrics	True
Give me espn sports information.	if youre interested in recipes would you like savory or sweet receipes do you have other specific ingredients in mind	False
I’m looking for the music man.	what location of alexian brothers hospital do you want to know about	False
I'm looking for information on hobby stores	are you looking for a specific hobby store	True
Tell me about Korean language.	are you interested in information about the difference between vldl and hdl levels	False
What is equal opportunity employer?	would you like to know if you are eligible for equal opportunity employment	True
Find information about elliptical trainer	are you looking for benefits of an elliptical trainer vs other fitness machines	True
I'm looking for universal animal cuts reviews	were you wondering about how universal animal cuts works	True
Information about east ridge high school.	would you like to see music stores in your area	False
I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	do you want to know about the symptoms of lymphoma in dogs	True
I'm looking for a wedding budget calculator	what is your projected budget for your wedding	True
Give me espn sports information.	do you want information about espn sports programming in languages other than english	True
who invented music	do you want information on the person who invented music	True
How to register dmv in va?	are you looking for a specific web page	True
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	do you need information about cell phone plans	False
Tell me about civil war battles in South Carolina	would you like to know how south carolina was affected by the battles fought on its ground	True
Find information about tornadoes	are there any specific media type on your mind shall i play a video of tornadoes	True
Tell me about weather stripping	are you looking for black history figures	False
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	are you interested in jobs at mayo clinic jacksonville fl	True
How to change the toilet in the house	what brand is your toilet	True
I need information about the University of Phoenix.	are you looking for attractions near porterville	False
tell me about ct jobs	which part of connecticut are you interested in	True
Tell me information about computer programming.	are you interested in programming courses for children	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	do you need any specific information on obama inauguration	True
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	do you want contact information for the board	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	do you have any medical conditions	False
How to register dmv in va?	do you want a list of departments within the va dmv registration	True
I'm looking for flame designs	do you want black and white or colored designs	True
who invented music	do you want information on the person who invented music	True
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	are you looking for health facts of butter and mararine	False
Which gps receiver I should buy	are you looking for any specific device equipped with gps	True
How do I get my free annual credit report?	do you need information on the speeds available in your area	False
I'm looking for information on hurricane Irene flooding in manville nj	which area of manville nj floods are you most interested in	True
discovery channel store	do you want to learn about our president	False
how to hire disc jockey	do you want to know the price to hire a dj	True
What to do in Arkansas	would you like a map of barbados	False
I’m looking for blue throated hummingbird	would you like information about their breeding	True
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	are you looking for gas grill instruction	False
Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	do you want to know the latest weather updates for pocono mountains	False
Find information about penguins.	are you looking for instructions to build a fence	False
Find me information about the Ritz Carlton Lake Las Vegas.	are you wondering where the ritz carlton in las vegas is located	True
Tell me about designer dog breeds.	are you looking for a list of the top designer dog breeds	True
Tell me information about a sore throat.	are you looking for homeopathic sore throat treatments	True
tell me about cass county missouri	would you like to know more about the city	True
Give me information about Titan.	are you referring to the greek god or the pc	True
how to hire disc jockey	are you a dj	True
Tell me about Barbados.	are you interested in barbados	True
Tell me more about HP mini 2140	are you looking for a specific web site	False
Tell me about avp	would you like information about the association of volleyball professionals	True
What are signs of a heartattack?	what area of the country do you live in	False
Tell me about Barbados.	would you like to know how far barbados is	True
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	do you need to apply for food stamps in iowa	False
I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	are you looking for paralegal job opportunities	True
Tell me about vanuatu	are you looking for information about any specific federal agencies	False
tell me about mgb	are you looking for what mgb stands for	True
Tell me more about USA tax for annuity	do you want to calculate how much an indexed annuity would provide	True
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	would you like to figure out iron alloys used to make stainless steel	False
Tell me about er television show.	are you looking for the featured music on the er tv show	True
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	are you looking for a specific doctor at mayo clinic jacksonville fl	True
Tell me more about HP mini 2140	do you want to read reviews of hp mini 2140	True
How to change the toilet in the house	what brand is your toilet	True
Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	would you like to know the history of the equal opportunity employer act	False
Tell me about vanuatu	are you interested in visiting	True
I’m looking for blue throated hummingbird	are you wanting to know its scientific name	True
I’m looking for the music man.	are you looking for our schedule of classes or events	False
I'd like to learn about joints	are you asking about cannabis	True
Give me information about Titan.	are you looking to get more information about titan machinery	True
Tell me about kansas city mo	would you like information on the university of north carolina unc	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	would you like to know about normal heart rate	False
Find information about elliptical trainer	are you looking for any specific device equipped with gps	False
Information about east ridge high school.	do you need directions to east ridge high school	True
What can I do in sherwood regional library	do you want to know if martha stweart works for the company	False
Find condos in Florida.	do you want to rent or buy a condo	True
butter and margarine	would you like to know about butter and margarine making process	True
How can I quick smoking	are you looking for smoking alternative products	True
Give me espn sports information.	would you like us to show you where to buy figs and other fresh fruit locally	False
I'd like to learn about moths	are you really reffering to mothra	True
What is yahoo	do you want to know about yahoo the company or yahoo the word	True
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	do you know about why its important to have iron in your diet	False
When can I see Churchil Downs	are you interested in the racing schedule	True
Tell me about cell phones.	are you looking for directions to a disneyland hotel	False
I'd like to learn about joints	what images of joints would you like to see	True
I’m looking for the music man.	are you looking for our schedule of classes or events	False
tell me about mgb	are you interested in buying or selling an mgb	True
Tell me information about a sore throat.	are you looking for historical information about the indiana state fairgrounds	False
Find information about elliptical trainer	are you looking for information of where to buy a elliptical trainer	True
Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	are you wanting to know what it is	True
I'm looking for keyboard reviews	are you interested in digital pianos	True
What should I know about the civil war	do you want to know how many people were killed	True
Tell me more about Hawain volcanos	are you looking for a specific observatory	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	do you want to know a list of top gmat prep classes	True
What is yahoo	would you like to watch an inuyasha movie	False
I need information about the University of Phoenix.	are you looking for a contact number for the city government	False
Tell me about Bellevue.	arey you conerned about someones face becoming red	False
Find information about the gs pay rate	are you looking for the us civil servant pay scale	True
what are the popular jobs in Michigan	would you like to read reviews about michworks	True
Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	would you like to know trending data or a timeline for the uplift at yellowstone national park	True
Information about east ridge high school.	are you interested in selling or buying a trombone on amazon	False
Tell me about scooters.	are you interested in scooter laws	True
How to change the toilet in the house	would you like to know the best way to clean a toilet	True
Tell me about Barbados.	would you like to find a plane ticket to barbados	True
Find information about penguins.	are you interested in where penguins live	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	what flushing are you interested in toilet or facial	False
Tell me about of Ralph Owen Brester.	are you looking for some sample tests	False
Tell me about kansas city mo	are you interested in job openeings in kansas city mo	True
I'm interested in mothers day songs	what mothers day song are you looking for	True
Find me information about PVC	are you interested in pvc pipe	True
What are specific dangers of asbestos?	are you looking for djs	False
Tell me about weather stripping	how far back do you want to learn about black history	False
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	are you looking to buy a volvo	False
What are the best recepies for grilling	are you looking for arkansas history	False
Find me information about the sales tax in Illinois.	are you interested in how the illinois state tax is determined	True
How can one can become highway patrol	are you interested in knowing the avergae salary of an employee of the tennessee highway patrol	True
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	did you want to know what the most popular cell phones are	False
Tell me about kansas city mo	would you like to see a listing for hotels in kansas city	True
butter and margarine	are you looking for an application on this topic	False
Find information about elliptical trainer	would you like to know how gps works	False
what are the popular jobs in Michigan	do you want to know the number of available jobs on the website	True
How do you tie a Windsor knot?	are you looking for a way to do this with pictures	True
Tell me about Barbados.	do you need treatment information for lipoma	False
I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	are you interested in learning the history of the beatles	True
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	are you referring to the the department of natural resources in maryland	False
Tell me information about Volvo.	are you referring to the search engine	False
Tell me about weather stripping	do you want to know major landmark dates	False
Tell me about of Ralph Owen Brester.	are you interested in learning more about ralph owen brewseter	True
How to change the toilet in the house	are you trying to find specific toilet parts	True
I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	do you need information on the prognosis of lymphoma in dogs	True
What are characteristics of Uranus	are there any specific details that you are trying to find out	True
Which gps receiver I should buy	would you like a new toilet	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	would you like to find exercises to lower your heart rate	False
Information about east ridge high school.	are you interested in selling or buying a trombone on amazon	False
I'm interested in InuYasha	would you like to see a list of new released ps2 games	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	do you have high blood pressure	False
I’m interested in civil right movement	do you want to know who the people were who started the civil rights movement	True
Find information about the gs pay rate	would you like to see the base pay scale for 2018	True
Info on dog heat?	do you think your dog is in heat	True
What is yahoo	are you referring to the search engine	True
I need information on income tax return online	are you looking for information about efiling federal income tax return	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	when do you want to take a gmat prep class	True
Give me information on OCD.	are you looking for a test to check for ocd	True
What is yahoo	would you like to know more about kagome higurashi	False
Find me information about diabetes education	are you wanting to find a class on the education of the disease of diabetes	True
What is equal opportunity employer?	what degree in particular would you like to know more about from the american military unviersity	False
I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	would you like to know about risk factors of lymphoma in dogs	True
tell me about iron	would you like to know information about iron fe	True
Tell me about kansas city mo	are you looking for a specific web site	True
I'm interested in dinosaurs	are you searching for required documentation for vehicle registration	False
Tell me more about HP mini 2140	are you looking for payment information	False
what is the best long term care insurance	would you like to find out the different types of payment options for the best long term care insurance	True
Tell me information about computer programming.	do you want to know how to do computer programming	True
What should I know about the civil war	is there a certain state that you are interested in seeing battles for	True
I'd like to learn about moths	are you interested in moth life cycle	True
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	would you like to know what their rating is compare to other car companies	False
Tell me information about a sore throat.	do you want to know the size of the indiana state fairgrounds	False
Give me information about Titan.	are you looking for the latest tennessee titans scores	True
Tell me about american military university.	would you like to know more about its history	True
Tell me about avp	are you looking for locations	False
Find information on raised gardens.	what specific supply would you like to buy for your raised garden	True
Tell me about Barbados.	are you interested in barbados ecology	True
I need information on income tax return online	are you interested in a certain fitting for a pvc pipe	False
Give me espn sports information.	do you want espn sports corporate information	True
Find information on Porterville.	are you interested in schools in poterville	True
how to hire disc jockey	is there a certain type of dj you are looking for	True
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	are you referring to a federally funded food stamp program or one that is funded by the state government	False
Tell me about atypical squamous cells	would you like to know if there is a cure	True
tell me about rock and gem shows	which dinosaurs are you interested in	False
What is yahoo	are you interested in a certain inuyasha character	False
Find me information about diabetes education	do you want to purchase an atari game	False
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	is there any specific information that you would like to know about employment requirements at pnl	True
What to do in Arkansas	which city in arkansas are you interested in	True
Tell me information about Volvo.	are you seeing if rick warren is still alive	False
Tell me about ron howard.	are you interested in when ron howard was younger or his older work	True
I need information about the University of Phoenix.	are you looking for reviews of the university of phoenix	True
Where can I find information about forearm pain?	does your forearm hurt from twisting	True
tell me about wilson antenna	are you looking for flame designs for a tattoo	False
I'm interested in InuYasha	would you like to know more about the inuyasha illustrator and writer	True
TV on computer	would you like to know the history of the bowflex power pro	False
I'm looking for information about South Africa	would you like to know where south africa is on the map	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	would you like to know what effects blood pressure and cholesterol	False
Tell me information about Volvo.	are looking for reviews on volvo xc90 suv	True
How to get organised?	do you need to find out how to organize your pantry	True
Find information on Porterville.	are you interested in kabob recipes	False
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	would you like to know about butter and margarine making process	False
Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	what type of furniture are you looking for	True
how to hire disc jockey	are you looking for reviews of djs	True
What is yahoo	are you talking about the stock price of the giant	True
Find information about penguins.	do you want to watch funny penguin videos	True
How can I quick smoking	are you looking for information on how to quit smoking	True
What is California Franchise Tax Board	would you like to know how to become a dj	False
Tell me more about us presidents	do you want the middle names of all of the presidents	True
I'm looking for flame designs	are you looking for flame design tracers	True
What is yahoo	would you like to know more about kagome higurashi	False
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	are you looking for the magazine the current	False
How to get organised?	are you looking for a specific web site	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	would you like to know more about animals that present lipomas	True
tell me about wilson antenna	are you looking for mitchell colleges tuition rates	False
Tell me about Korean language.	are you interested in korean language degrees	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you looking bellevue square mall	True
Where should I order dog clean-up bags	are you looking for a way to dispose your dog wast	True
What is yahoo	would any specific game interest you	False
Tell me about texas border patrol.	would you like to know how many there are	True
What can I do in sherwood regional library	do you want to check out a certain book or see if it is available	True
TV on computer	are you wondering if there has been a recall notice	False
What to do in Arkansas	which city in arkansas are you interested in	True
How can one can become highway patrol	are you interested in knowing where the tennesse high patrol check points	True
What is yahoo	are you interested in the list of inuyasha characters	False
Find information about atari	would you like to know where you can buy a discounted or used elliptical trainer	False
What is martha stewart and imclone?	are you looking for a specific web site	True
tell me about uss yorktown charleston SC	would you like to see reviews of the uss yorktown tour	True
Tell me information about a sore throat.	do you want the definition of fibromyalgia	False
I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	are you looking for east ridge high school in woodbury mn	False
tell me about cass county missouri	are you looking for government service	True
Tell me about hotels in New York.	do you need direction to your new york hotel	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you referring to flushing new york	False
What is von Willebrand Disease?	are you looking for specific information about von willebrand disease	True
Tell me about vanuatu	are you looking for anything specific of a tv show	True
Tell me information about Volvo.	are you referring to the pastor	False
Find information about the secret garden.	where are you looking to mount the antenna	False
I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	are you looking for paralegal job opportunities	True
Tell me about Korean language.	do you wish to take a korean language test	True
What is Fickle Creek Farm	do you want the history of fickle creek farm	True
tell me about wilson antenna	are you looking for wilson antenna parts	True
I need information about the University of Phoenix.	would like to know about any specific sports team	False
figs	are you interested in an avanced treatment below ground design	False
Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	would you like directions to the nearest iowa food stamp office	True
Tell me about source of the nile	do you want to see the nearest rock and gem shows	False
What is California Franchise Tax Board	are you looking for payment information	True
Tell me information about Volvo.	are you referring to the internet browser	False
What is yahoo	how much do you need to lower your heart rate	False
Tell me about source of the nile	which nile are you interested in learning about	True
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	do you want to know about indoor or outdoor grilling	False
What are the best recepies for grilling	are you referring to a gas grill	True
Tell me about folk remedies for a sore throat.	are you looking for natural remedies for a sore throat	True
Tell me about Barbados.	are you searching for the information in regard to lipoma symptoms	False
where can I buy a trombone?	are you reffering to the federal or state tax	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	would you like to find foods that will lower your heart rate	False
I'm interested in dinosaurs	are you interested in organ donation information	False
Tell me more on Kansas city railroad	are you interested in the computer game worms	False
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	do you need the address of the indiana state fairgrounds	True
What is equal opportunity employer?	are you looking for a specific web page	False
Tell about an adobe indian house?	do you want to know what adobe indian houses are made out of	True
I'm looking for a wedding budget calculator	are you interested in a service for wedding budgeting	True
Find information about atari	are you interested in the history of atari	True
I’m interested in old coins	do you want to know the value of old coins	True
What is yahoo	are you interested in a specific season of inuyasha	False
I’m looking for blue throated hummingbird	are you interested in learning about where blue throated hummingbirds live	True
I’m looking for blue throated hummingbird	would you like information about their breeding	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	are you wanting to see sermons by the pastor	True
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	what event do you want to attend at the fairgrounds	True
Where should I order dog clean-up bags	are you looking for biodegradable dog clean up bags	True
I'm looking for flame designs	do you need directions to your local vet	False
Tell me information about computer programming.	do you want to know how to do computer programming	True
Find information about tornadoes	are there any specific media type on your mind shall i play a video of tornadoes	True
Find information about penguins.	are you looking for a specific web page	True
Tell me information about computer programming.	are you looking to see how much computer programming lessons cost	True
I’m looking for the music man.	are you trying to find videos about the music man	True
Find information about penguins.	are you looking for any specific information about the birds	True
Child support in Indiana?	do you want to know about a specific indiana child support law	True
how to hire disc jockey	do you want to know about reviews on the bowflex power pro	False
Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	when are you going to the pococnos	False
What are the best recepies for grilling	do you mean do not resuscitate	False
Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	would you like to see jobs around you that are equal opportunity employers	False
Information about east ridge high school.	are you searching for east ridge high school located in clermont fl	True
how to build a fence?	are you referring to bellevue washington	False
map	what place do you want a map of	True
I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	would you like to see their homepage	True
I'm looking for keyboard reviews	would you like information on this years keyboards	True
What can I do in sherwood regional library	would you like to know trending data or a timeline for the uplift at yellowstone national park	False
Tell me about designer dog breeds.	do you want to know what the most popular designer dog breeds there are	True
How do I get my free annual credit report?	would you like to know about credit scores	True
Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	what type of furniture are you looking for	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	do you want to learn where to purchase fishing bait	False
Find information on ontario california airport.	would you like to hear nes about ontario california airport	True
What is equal opportunity employer?	what degree in particular would you like to know more about from the american military unviersity	False
Find information about the gs pay rate	would you like to know more about the history behind the gs pay scale	True
I'm looking for information on duchess county tourism	where in specific in dutchess county were you curious about	True
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	would you like to know how butter and margarine affect the food you eat	False
I'm looking for information about South Africa	would you like to know where south africa is on the map	True
I’m looking for the music man.	which alexian brothers hospital are you interested in	False
Find information on raised gardens.	is your request related to raised garden beds	True
What is California Franchise Tax Board	do you want to know their hours of operation	True
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	do you have any type of asbestos in mind when you ask about the dangers of asbestos	False
where can I buy a trombone?	do you want to know the difference between that and other taxes	False
Tell me about kansas city mo	would you like to directions to kansas city	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	what size are you looking for	False
How can I adopt a dog	would you like an active or relaxed dog	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	what score would you like to achieve on the gmat test	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	are you iinterested in a kenmore gas water heater	False
Tell me about Korean language.	are you trying to learn the korean language	True
I'm interested in dinosaurs	what are in interested in about va dmv registration	False
Find sewing instructions for me	would you like to know how to sew a dress	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	are you looking for lipoma removal	True
Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	would you like to know more about what would occur if the supervolcano underneath yellowstone national park errupted	True
I want to learn about rock art.	do you want the history of rock art	True
tell me about cass county missouri	there are some interesting historical facts about cass county shall i show them to you	True
I'm looking for information on dieting	do you need anything specific in relation to counting calories you consume daily	True
Find information about the gs pay rate	are you looking for information about any specific federal agencies	True
What is yahoo	are you referring to the insane person across the street	True
Find information about atari	are you interested in playing online games	True
how to hire disc jockey	are you looking for different kinds of djs	True
Find information on ontario california airport.	do you mean an airport in canada	True
I'm interested in poker tournaments	would you like a schedule of poker tournaments	True
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	do you want to know about the office of the president of the us	True
tell me about tangible personal property tax	would you like more information of the course of the yellowstone volcano and the different hypothesizes scientest have	False
Give me information about Titan.	are you referring to a specific vehicle	True
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	which president are you looking for	True
how to build a fence?	would you like to see notable residents of bellevue washington	False
butter and margarine	would you like to see how these fats effect human arteries	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	what is the heart rate youre looking to achieve	False
Tell me about Korean language.	are you interested in the history of the korean language	True
Find Brooks Brothers clearance.	do you need to find a brooks brothers location	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you interested in ways to fix problems flushing the toilet	False
tell me about tangible personal property tax	would you like to know about yellowstones history of eruptions	False
Give me information on OCD.	are you interested in ocd in children	True
Find information about penguins.	are you looking for a specific energy related company	False
I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	are you interested in law school	True
tell me about iron	would you like to see reviews of the uss yorktown tour	False
I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	are you looking to find out what game platforms you can play the beatles rock bank game on	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	do you want more informaiton about grilling vegtables	True
TV on computer	do you want to know about reviews on the bowflex power pro	False
Give me air travel information.	where are you looking to travel to	True
How can one can become highway patrol	are you looking for a specific web site	True
Which gps receiver I should buy	what brand is your toilet	False
Tell me about kansas city mo	would you like to see a map of kansas city mo	True
I'm looking for flame designs	would you want to buy flame design stickers	True
Tell me about hotels in New York.	do you need a map of hotels	True
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	are you looking for a specific representative in relation to the company	True
When can I see Churchil Downs	are you looking for directions to churchill downs	True
all men are created equal	would you like to learn about the origin of that quote	True
I'm looking for keyboard reviews	are you interested in electronic keyboard reviews	True
Find information about atari	which atari game are you interested in	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	are you interested in a specific season of inuyasha	False
What is equal opportunity employer?	would you like to see jobs around you that are equal opportunity employers	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	do you want to know about the signs based on any specific demographics	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	are you referring to the pastor	True
I'm looking for information on dieting	would you like to read about different types of diet pills	True
TV on computer	would you like to know the history of the bowflex power pro	False
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	are you interested in how much you can get from this program	False
Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	would you like to know if your company adheres to equal opportunity employment	False
How to get organised?	are you referrring how to get organized	True
what are continental plates	which continental plates are you interested in	True
What is yahoo	are you interested in inuyasha wiki activity	False
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	do you need to know where you can purchase a grill	False
Find information on French Lick Resort and Casino.	would you like to know what their rating is compare to other car companies	False
Information about raffles	are you interested in raffles tv series	True
I'm looking for information on dieting	are you searching for dieting pills	True
Tell me about avp	do you want to know how male vs female avps in a company	True
Where can I find cheap internet	are you wondering who used cheap internet	True
What is martha stewart and imclone?	do you want to know if martha stweart works for the company	True
How to change the toilet in the house	what size is your toilet	True
Find information on ontario california airport.	are you planning to take a trip on ontario or california	True
I'm looking for information on recycling lead acid batteries	do you want to find a nearby recycling center that can accept thise batteries	True
What are characteristics of Uranus	are you wondering what uranus is made of	True
Tell me more about dnr	do you want to know the legality of dnr	True
tell me about idaho state flower	do you want to see images of the idaho state flower	True
I'm looking for flame designs	do you want black and white or colored designs	True
Find sewing instructions for me	would you like to know to to mend a shirt	True
Tell me about Korean language.	are you trying to learn the korean language	True
tell me about tangible personal property tax	what is theh tax rate for the country youre in	True
What is martha stewart and imclone?	do you want espn sports corporate information	False
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	how much data do you need stored	True
I am looking for sources of used car parts.	are you interested in a specific part	True
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	are you looking for a specific web site	False
What is yahoo	are you interested in inuyasha wiki activity	False
What is yahoo	would any specific game interest you	False
How to change the toilet in the house	are you looking for lyrics from the songs from the music man	False
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	do you want information on the tax board	False
How to prepare for the GMAT?	are you looking for a specific web site	True
Find information on French Lick Resort and Casino.	do you want the distance between your current location and french lick resort and casino	True
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	would you like the history of indiana state fairgrounds	True
Tell me about designer dog breeds.	do you want a designer dog	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	would you like to find exercises to lower your heart rate	False
I’m looking for blue throated hummingbird	what similar species are you looking for	True
Tell me about weather stripping	would you like to purchase a weather stripping product	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	would you like to find foods that will lower your heart rate	False
Where can I find cheap internet	are you wondering how to reduce your internet bill	True
Where can I buy pressure washers?	do you want to price compare pressure washers	True
Where can I buy pressure washers?	are you looking for the nearest location to buy a pressure washer	True
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	what time are you wanting to visit this clinic	True
Information about east ridge high school.	are you interested in the price range for trombones	False
I’m looking for information on worm	do you want to know how many different types of worms there are	True
Find information about flushing.	are you looking for a directions to the new york hall of science in flushing meadows corona park	True
Tell me about designer dog breeds.	will you like to know the most popular dog	True
What should I know about the civil war	are you looking for the american civil war	True
Find information about atari	are you interested in atari games or information about the brand	True
I’m looking for blue throated hummingbird	are you wanting to know its scientific name	True
Tell me about scooters.	are you looking to rent a scooter	True
Find information about the sun.	do you want to know how far the sun is away from different planets	True
Find information about the gs pay rate	do you want to see images of the idaho state flower	False
What is yahoo	would any specific game interest you	False
what is the best long term care insurance	do you need direction to your new york hotel	False
What is Fickle Creek Farm	are you located in jacksonville fl	False
How do I get my free annual credit report?	do you want information on what is in a credt report	True
Find information about flushing.	do you need korean language classes	False
I'm interested in mothers day songs	would you like to learn about rock and gem shows in california	False
How to change the toilet in the house	would you like to know the best way to clean a toilet	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	do you have any medical conditions	True
I'm interested in InuYasha	would you like to see a list of new released ps2 games	False
tell me about rock and gem shows	would you like a list of rock and gem shows in 2019	True
Tell me about Obama family tree.	which family members of obama are you interested in learning more about	True
Tell me about black history.	would you like to directions to kansas city	False
Tell me about cell phones.	do you want to adopt dogs for free	False
I'd like to learn about joints	are you looking for information on the purpose of joints	True
tell me about UNC	would you like to know more about the history behind the gs pay scale	False
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	are you interested in the treatment costs of lymphoma in dogs	False
Tell me about cell phones.	would you like an unlocked phone	True
Tell me about designer dog breeds.	do you want to know if designer dog breeds are healthier than purebreds	True
I need information on income tax return online	are you interested in types of pvc pipe	False
Tell me about kids earth day activities	do you want to know more about kid safe earth day activities	True
I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	do you want a list of their songs	True
how to hire disc jockey	would you like to read about dj employment	True
Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	would you like more information of the course of the yellowstone volcano and the different hypothesizes scientest have	True
Tell me about Pocono	which mountain ski resort would you like information around the pocono area	True
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	would you like to see services for the culpeper national cemetary today	True
I’m looking for blue throated hummingbird	do you want to know if blue throated hummingbirds are nice	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you interested in the computer game worms	False
Find information about the secret garden.	what colors do you want to use	False
What to do in Arkansas	do you need a map of arkansas	True
What is yahoo	are you interested in the years inuyasha was shown in tv	False
Tell me about vanuatu	do you want to contact somebody here	True
I'm looking for a wedding budget calculator	would you like to find an app for wedding budgeting	True
Tell me about Neil Young.	are you looking for neil young tour dates	True
Where can I find cheap internet	are you interested in finding cheap items on the internet	True
Tell me about ron howard.	are you trying to find films that ron howard directed	True
Tell me about american military university.	do you need info on what jax chemical company produces	False
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you referring to bellevue washington	True
tell me about cass county missouri	do you want to know about the crime rate in cass county missouri	True
Find me information about diabetes education	are you wanting to find a class on the education of the disease of diabetes	True
I'm looking for information on hobby stores	will tihs hobby involve excercise equipment	True
I'm looking for flame designs	would you like to know if spaying would stop the heat of a female dog	False
Find information about flushing.	would you like directions to flushing new york	True
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	do you want to learn about our president	True
Where can I find information about forearm pain?	are you looking for any specific web pages	True
how to hire disc jockey	would you like to see news about culpeper national cemetary	False
What is yahoo	are you interested in a certain inuyasha character	False
What is yahoo	are you interested in a certain inuyasha character	False
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	do you need stock price values for the company	True
What is yahoo	do you need to contact yahoo	True
What is yahoo	would you like to know why its important to lower your heart rate	False
Tell me about er television show.	are you looking for a list of er actors	True
Tell me about vines for shade.	are you looking for a specific web site	False
How to change the toilet in the house	do you have a specific toilet brand on your mind	True
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	do you have pain on both sides of your throat	False
How can I lower my heart rate?	would you like to watch an inuyasha movie	False
Tell me more about Rocky Mountain News	who do you want to find news reported by	True
Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	how big do you want the flames to be	False
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	are you interested in learning about a presidents power	True
Find me information about diabetes education	are you interested in paid services	False
what is the best long term care insurance	are you interested in more information on the best long term care insurance	True
Find me information on sat	do you want more information about the sandy actors theater	True
I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	are you interested in a specifc song from the beatles	True
figs	are you interested in the calorie count or other nutrition information for the fruit	True
Tell me about er television show.	do you want to know awards er has won	True
Tell me about source of the nile	are you curious about rock and gem shows	False
How to change the toilet in the house	do you need information on how to install a toilet	True
Information about east ridge high school.	are you seaching for east ridge high school community education	True
Find information about the wall	do you want to know the news about the border wall	True
Tell me about weather stripping	would you like to compare different weather stripping products	True
tell me about iron	are you looking for a list of foods that are a good source of iron	True
Tell me information about Volvo.	would you like to know what are their most popular vehicles	True
Find me information about PVC	would you like to know about premature ventricular contractions medical treatments	True
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	are you interested in a specific brand of cell phone	False
What are specific dangers of asbestos?	do you have any type of asbestos in mind when you ask about the dangers of asbestos	True
Find information on hip fractures	do you need to know what are symptoms of the injury	True
Find information on ontario california airport.	would you like to know more about arrivals or departures	True
What is yahoo	what would you like to know about yahoo	True
Tell me more about HP mini 2140	are you trying to login to the boards website	False
I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	do you need technical specifications for the hp mini 2140	False
how to build a fence?	are you looking bellevue square mall	False
Give me espn sports information.	are you referring to pocono mountains	False
How to change the toilet in the house	are you looking for the location of michworks	False
Tell me about american military university.	were you interested in applying to the american military university or just recieving an informational brochure	True
butter and margarine	would you like to know the differences between butter and margarine	True
What are specific dangers of asbestos?	what kind of information are you looking for news or research on the dangers of asbestos	True
Tell me about Neil Young.	do you want his biography	True
How can one can become highway patrol	are you looking for a specific web site	True
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	what tourist spots are you looking for in dutchess county	False
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	are you referring to a gas grill	False
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	are you wanting to visit this hospital because of a friend or family	True
Where should I order dog clean-up bags	are you looking for the best to purchase	True
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	do you want to know the city where the indiana state fairgrounds are located	True
Tell me about designer dog breeds.	do you want to know what a designer dog breed is	True
Information about east ridge high school.	are you seaching for east ridge high school community education	True
Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	are you looking for flame designs for a tattoo	False
what is the best long term care insurance	are you interested in more information on the best long term care insurance	True
tell me about iron	do you need information for group or individual ticket prices for tours of the uss yorktown	False
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you referring to flushing new york	False
Find me information about the sales tax in Illinois.	which county do you live in	True
Tell me about the sit and reach test.	are you looking for information on how its scored	True
tell me about iron	are you interested in penguin vape	False
What is von Willebrand Disease?	do you want to know how von willebrand disease is treated	True
tell me about tangible personal property tax	what would you like to know about uplift	False
Find information about the sun.	do you want to know facts about the sun	True
figs	if youre interested in recipes would you like savory or sweet receipes do you have other specific ingredients in mind	True
tell me about rock and gem shows	are you looking for lapidary classes	True
Where can I find cheap internet	are you interested in finding cheap items on the internet	True
Tell me more on Kansas city railroad	do you want to know facts about the creature worm	False
tell me about diversity	would you like to know how diversity helps or harms an organization	True
What is yahoo	do you want dietary recommendations	False
what are the popular jobs in Michigan	would you like to see reviews on specific movies and tv shows	False
I'm looking for flame designs	what kind of pictures are you looking for	True
Find information on hip fractures	do you want to know what the symptoms of a hip fracture are	True
How should I use the septic system design	are you interested in an avanced treatment below ground design	True
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	are you referring to a gas grill	False
tell me about UNC	which unc campus are you most interested in	True
Find sewing instructions for me	can you read sewing patterns	True
Tell me about Barbados.	would you like the latest news of barbados	True
Tell me about er television show.	are you looking for a list of er episodes	True
Where can I find cheap internet	are you looking for information on any specific internet technology	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you trying to find out what worms eat	False
I'm interested in poker tournaments	are you interested in learning how to play poker	True
tell me about wilson antenna	are you looking for mitchell colleges course catelog	False
Tell me about madam cj walker	would you like to know about walkers method of perming hair	True
What to do in Arkansas	do you want to go to arkansas	True
Information about raffles	are you interested in raffles in which one can enter and win	True
What to do in Arkansas	do you want to know the cost of lipoma removal	False
to be or not to be that is the question	are you referring to the philosopher aristotole	True
I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	are you looking for a specific web page	True
Find information on Porterville.	do you want the history of porterville	True
I’m looking for information on worm	are you trying to learn the korean language	False
Give me espn sports information.	would you like to know more about growing figs	False
Give me information about Titan.	are you referring to the titans from titanfall	True
What should I know about the civil war	do you want to know a history of all battles in the war	True
discovery channel store	are you looking for iron metal products	False
Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	do you need information about furniture arrangement	True
How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	do you like to know more about writing thank you notes for an interview	True
Find information on raised gardens.	do you want to buy raised garden supplies	True
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	do you want to attend the indiana state fair	True
Is Kenmore heater good	do you need information on employment opportunities	False
What are the best recepies for grilling	are you interested in grilling equipment	True
Tell me about Korean language.	are you wondering who speaks the korean language	True
I'm interested in dinosaurs	which dinosaurs are you interested in	True
Tell me more about dnr	what city in barbados are you interested in learning	False
tell me about iron	would you like to know irons atomic number or mass	True
Tell me more about dnr	are you referring to the company or the term do not resuscitate	True
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	do you have a fever	False
I'm interested in poker tournaments	are you interested in learning how to play poker	True
butter and margarine	would you like to know how butter and margarine affect the food you eat	True
What are signs of a heartattack?	are you interested in comparing coverage prices	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	would you like to find exercises to lower your heart rate	False
Which gps receiver I should buy	woud you like to know the many uses of gps	True
Tell me more on Kansas city railroad	are you trying to look for kucoin shares cryptocurrency	True
Find sewing instructions for me	would you like a book about sewing	True
Find information on hip fractures	are you interested in the best priced long term care insurance or best coverage	False
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	are you looking for hunting guides	True
Tell me about Barbados.	are you looking for a specific website	True
Tell me about Obama family tree.	are you interested in learning more about ralph owen brewseter	False
Where can I find information about forearm pain?	are you looking for any specific web pages	True
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	would you like to know about iron deficiencies	False
I'm interested in mothers day songs	would you like a list of rock and gem shows in 2019	False
Tell me about kansas city mo	what part of unc do you want info on	False
TV on computer	would you like to see an instruction manual	False
Tell me about Barbados.	what city in barbados are you interested in learning	True
I’m looking for the music man.	do you need their homepage	False
Tell me about avp	what year do you want to know the president for	False
Tell me about texas border patrol.	do you want a phone number to call	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	do you mean do not resuscitate	False
Tell me about folk remedies for a sore throat.	are you interested in remedies that are proven effective for treating a sore throat	True
tell me about tangible personal property tax	what is the tax rate for the state you are in	True
Find me information on sat	do you need information about the san antonio international airport	True
What to do in Arkansas	are you interested in learning about arkansas	True
Tell me about texas border patrol.	are you interested in what their job duties are	True
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	do you want to buy some parts for this equipment	True
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	would you like to see services for the culpeper national cemetary today	True
to be or not to be that is the question	are you referring to a philosophy book	True
I’m looking for the music man.	are you looking for a summary of the music man plot	True
Where can I buy pressure washers?	are you looking to rent a pressure washer	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	do you want to learn how to install weather strips on doors	False
Find information on raised gardens.	do you need information on best climate for specific plants	True
Where should I order dog clean-up bags	do you want to know if they are a requirement where you live	True
Tell me information about computer programming.	are you interested in a coding bootcamp	True
I'm interested in poker tournaments	do you want to know who won the last world series of poker	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	are you referring to a gas grill	True
How should I use the septic system design	are you looking for any specific venues in porterville	False
What is yahoo	would you like to know what effects hart beat rate	False
map	do you want to know about the source of the video game	False
Give me air travel information.	would you like more info on tsa guidelines	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	would you like to know more about animals that present lipomas	True
figs	are you interested in the calorie count or other nutrition information for the fruit	True
Tell me about avp	are you looking for any specific information in relation to beach volleyball	True
tell me about cass county missouri	would you like to know more about the city	True
What can I do in sherwood regional library	are you interested in martha stewarts role in the company	False
Tell me about Obama family tree.	would you like to know about obamas ancestors	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	what would you like to know about yahoo	False
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	would you like to know the way to culpeper national cemetary	True
where can I buy a trombone?	are you interested in selling or buying a trombone on ebay	True
I'm looking for a wedding budget calculator	what are your budget priorities for your wedding	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	what age group are you reffering to	False
tell me about bart sf	are you looking for transit routes to berkeley from bart sf	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	are you referring to a crazy person	False
What is martha stewart and imclone?	do you want to know who owns espn	False
I'm interested in InuYasha	would you like to watch an inuyasha movie	True
Tell me information about computer programming.	are you looking for computer programming schools near you	True
Tell me about ron howard.	are you looking for ron howard biographies	True
Find information about the secret garden.	would you like to see reviews on specific movies and tv shows	True
When can I see Churchil Downs	do you want to know where churchill downs is located	True
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	are you interested in jobs at mayo clinic jacksonville fl	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	which battle would you like to learn about how the technique of flushing was used	False
Tell me more about HP mini 2140	do you want to download drivers for the hp mini 2140	True
I'm interested in poker tournaments	do you want to find local tournaments near you	True
Tell me more about Rocky Mountain News	are you looking for information regarding the rocky mountain range	True
Tell me about cell phones.	are you willing to adopt a shelter dog	False
I need information about the University of Phoenix.	do you want the history of porterville	False
Give me air travel information.	do you need more information about different kinds of air travel	True
tell me about UNC	would you like to know how to sign up for internet phone service	False
What are signs of a heartattack?	is this an emergency	True
What are specific dangers of asbestos?	would you like to know about health problems that arise from exposure to asbestos	True
What to do in Arkansas	do you want information on jobs in arkansas	True
Tell me about cell phones.	are you interested in a specific brand of cell phone	True
who invented music	do you want information related to music notation and written music	True
What is yahoo	have you talked to your doctor about heart rate	False
Where can I buy pressure washers?	do you wish to rent a pressure washer	True
Tell me more on health clubs in Arkansas	would like a review of arkadelphia health club	True
How should I use the septic system design	are you looking for engineers in such field	True
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	do you need directions to the indiana state fairgrounds	True
Tell me about source of the nile	do you need contact information	False
Give me espn sports information.	are you interested in figs health benefits	False
I'm looking for information on duchess county tourism	do you want to move to dutchess county	True
I'm looking for information about South Africa	are you moving to south africa	True
Information about raffles	are you interested in the movie raffles	True
Give me information about Titan.	are you referring to the titans from titanfall	True
How to register dmv in va?	are you looking for physical locations of dmv offices	True
I'm looking for information on dieting	are you interested in reading some inspirational quotations about dieting	True
I need information on income tax return online	what project do you want to use the pvc for	False
What is yahoo	would you like to know more about the inuyasha illustrator and writer	False
Tell me about avp	are you looking for a specific web site	True
What are signs of a heartattack?	are you looking for black history books	False
Tell me about Barbados.	are you interested in barbados ecology	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	do you want to know why your face is flushing	False
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	do you want to know about grilling meat	False
Tell me more about HP mini 2140	do you wish to do an entity search	False
What is Fickle Creek Farm	would you like to request an appointment	False
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	are you interested in a recipe for grilled chicken	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	how low would you like to lower your heart rate	False
How can I lower my heart rate?	would you like to find exercises to lower your heart rate	True
Tell me more about Hawain volcanos	do you want to find out what the hawaiian volcano observatories have been monitoring	True
Tell me more about us presidents	do you want to know the middle name for a specific president of the united states	True
Where can I find information about forearm pain?	are you having forearm pain	True
Tell me more about HP mini 2140	do you want a phone number	False
Tell me about american military university.	would you like to see their homepage	False
What is California Franchise Tax Board	are you looking for an interview preparation guide	False
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	are you looking for jobs in richland	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	do you need a map of arkansas	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	do you have any medical conditions	False
Find information on ontario california airport.	would you like to know more about ontarioca airport services	True
Tell me about vines for shade.	how fast do you want the coverage to grow	True
What is yahoo	which episodes of inuyasha would you like to see	False
butter and margarine	do you want a map of your local area	False
I'm looking for information on dieting	do you want to learn about the history of dieting	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	are you looking for a grill for grilling food	True
I'm interested in dinosaurs	are you searching for required documentation for vehicle registration	False
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you referring to bellevue nebraska	True
How should I use the septic system design	do you want to find a restaurant or store here	False
Tell me more about satilies	are you referring to the company called satellite industries inc	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	are you looking for a recipe for grilled fish	True
Tell me about er television show.	are you looking for the featured music on the er tv show	True
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	have you been to this clinic before	True
Information about east ridge high school.	in which state are you looking for east ridge high school	True
How do I get my free annual credit report?	wou you like to know more about 3in1 credit reports	True
Find me information about the Last Supper painting.	would you like to see a picture of the painting	True
I'm looking for information on hobby stores	what type of hobby are you looking for	True
Give me information about Titan.	are you interested in a specific titan	True
Give me information about tribe formerly living in alabama	are you interested in where in alabama indian tribes lived	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	which symptoms do you believe you are experiencing	False
Tell me about Bellevue.	do you want to know more about the bellevue washington local government	True
I'm interested in dinosaurs	are you looking for a dinosaur costume or game	True
Tell me about avp	are you looking for any specific information in relation to beach volleyball	True
Tell me about american military university.	are you wanting information about west point	True
What to do in Arkansas	are you referring to lipomassage	False
tell me about UNC	do you want to know the location of unc	True
Info on dog heat?	would you like stock information for avon products incorporated	False
What are the best recepies for grilling	are you referring to a gas grill	True
I'm looking for universal animal cuts reviews	did universal animal cuts work for you	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	would you like to know what effects blood pressure and cholesterol	False
How can I adopt a dog	are you looking for a specific website	True
I’m looking for the music man.	do you want to pay a bill	False
How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	would you like to know more information about writing a thank you email	True
Tell me about hotels in New York.	are you interested in new york hotel prices	True
figs	would you like to watch videos about how figs grow andor how to prepare them	True
I’m looking for blue throated hummingbird	would you like to know anything specific related to it life style	True
I need information about the University of Phoenix.	are you wanting directions to porterville	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	would you like to know about normal heart rate	False
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you looking bellevue square mall	True
map	do you study road maps	True
Tell me information about a sore throat.	are you looking for medicines to treat a sore throat	True
how to hire disc jockey	do you want to buy some parts for this equipment	False
Information about east ridge high school.	are you looking for east ridge high school in woodbury mn	True
Tell me about Pocono	are you looking for recipes with figs	False
Find information about flushing.	what items are you interested in flushing down the toilet	True
Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	are you interested in a specific aspect of uplift at yellowstone national park	True
Tell me about Barbados.	are you looking for the definition to lipoma	False
Tell me information about Volvo.	which part of volvo are you interested in	True
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	are you looking for doctors that treat sore throats	False
tell me about ct jobs	do you want to know more about jobs in connecticut	True
tell me about tangible personal property tax	would you like to know more about what would occur if the supervolcano underneath yellowstone national park errupted	False
Tell me information about a sore throat.	are you wanting to know the illnesses that list sore throat as a symptom	True
Tell me about ps 2 games?	are you searching for a local educational program	False
Tell me about black history.	are you looking for black history books	True
I'm looking for information on dieting	are you interested in reading more about the health benefits of dieting	True
Tell me more on health clubs in Arkansas	do you want to know the hours of operation	False
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	would you like to know about lipomas based on any specific demographics	True
Tell me about fybromyalgia	are you looking for a medication to adress the symptoms	True
Tell me about Obama family tree.	may i tell you about brewsters parents where and when he was born	False
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	woud you like a list of items made from iron	False
How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	do you want to know how to display your computer on a tv	False
Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	would you like to know why some scientists think the yellowstone volcano is in the process of dying	True
I want to learn about rock art.	do you want pictures of rock art	True
Tell me about cell phones.	do you want to know how much it costs to stay here	False
all men are created equal	would you like to learn more about thomas jefferson	True
Find information about elliptical trainer	would you like an active or relaxed dog	False
Find me information about the Ritz Carlton Lake Las Vegas.	do you want historical information on the ritz carlton lake las vegas	True
tell me about tangible personal property tax	would you like to know the current rate	True
How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	would you like to know more information about writing a thank you email	True
Tell me about cell phones.	are you trying to rent at a disneyland hotel	False
What is yahoo	how would you like to watch inuyasha episodes	False
Tell me about Barbados.	would you like to know what causes lipoma tumors	False
I’m looking for information on worm	are you looking for nearby classes	False
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	are you looking for information related to tourism	False
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you referring to flushing new york	False
tell me about UNC	are you looking for a free internet phone service	False
Find information about the secret garden.	what colors do you want to use	False
Is Kenmore heater good	are you looking for research papers	False
I want to learn about rock art.	are you going to purchase any specific tools	True
Information about east ridge high school.	are you looking for information about the sports facilities at the school	True
Tell me about Barbados.	are you looking for a clinic for lipoma treatment	False
Tell me more about satilies	are you inquiring about satellite tv	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you looking for the college	True
I'm looking for keyboard reviews	what brand of keyboards are you looking for	True
Tell me information about Volvo.	would you like to buy semi truck	True
What are signs of a heartattack?	are you interesting in a certain countrys black history	False
Tell me about sonoma county medical services.	is this for an emergancy	True
How should I use the septic system design	do you want information about the arizona game and fish department	False
What are specific dangers of asbestos?	do you want to find online tv streaming services	False
Tell me about ron howard.	would you like to know how many movies ron howard has directed	True
What to do in Arkansas	do you want to know the most famous person from arkansas	True
I want to learn about rock art.	do you want the history of rock art	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	do you want to know about worms in dogs	False
Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	which hospital facility are you look for	True
Tell me more about HP mini 2140	are you looking for research papers	False
How to register dmv in va?	do you want a list of departments within the va dmv registration	True
Info on dog heat?	would you like to know about the alien versus predator movie	False
tell me about tangible personal property tax	are you interested in a specific aspect of uplift at yellowstone national park	False
Give me information on OCD.	do you want to know the symptoms of ocd	True
Tell me about of Ralph Owen Brester.	what is ralph owen brewsters education	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	are you looking for the definition to lipoma	True
Find me information about PVC	is this in reference to plumbing or some other sort of plastic product	True
Tell me about scooters.	there are some cool deals available shall i show them	True
Tell me information about Volvo.	would you like to buy semi truck	True
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	do you want to know the size of the indiana state fairgrounds	True
what are continental plates	are yoiu looking for information on plate tectonics	True
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	are you wondering if there has been a recall notice	True
Find me information about diabetes education	are you looking to take a class about diabetes	True
Find Brooks Brothers clearance.	do you want find clothing stores	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	would you like to know more about the gmat test	True
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	would you like to know the address of mayo clinic jacksonville fl	True
How do I get my free annual credit report?	are you interested in learning how to read your credit report	True
Find me information about PVC	what aspect of pvc are you interested in the manufacturing or the applications	True
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	are you seeking an event calendar for dutchess county	False
Tell me about vines for shade.	do you want to know the best vines for providing shade	True
I'm looking for flame designs	are you looking for a specific web site	False
tell me about tangible personal property tax	would you like to know trending data or a timeline for the uplift at yellowstone national park	False
Find information about the secret garden.	would you like to buy stencils online	False
How to get organised?	would you like to know how to reduce clutter	True
Where can I find information about forearm pain?	there are some interesting articles on preventing forearm pain are you interested	True
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	do you need the address of the indiana state fairgrounds	True
Tell me about black history.	do you want to know about a specific person	True
tell me about mgb	are you looking to purchase an mgb	True
Tell me information about a sore throat.	are you looking for homeopathic sore throat treatments	True
to be or not to be that is the question	are you referring to shakespear	True
tell me about ct jobs	are you referring to the move	False
how to hire disc jockey	would you like to see services for the culpeper national cemetary today	False
discovery channel store	do you want to know the term length of a us president	False
what is the best long term care insurance	would you like to see a map of kansas city mo	False
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	are you preparing to conduct an interview or go to an interview	False
Find information on Porterville.	do you want information on arizona wildlife	False
Tell me about Korean language.	would you like to see charts about vldl levels	False
I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	do you want to know the average annual salary for paralegals	True
Find information about tornadoes	are you looking for signs to expect	True
Find information on Porterville.	do you want to see cookbooks for grilling	False
Tell me about cell phones.	are you looking for details about disneyland hotels	False
Tell me about black history.	are you interesting in a certain countrys black history	True
What are specific dangers of asbestos?	are you looking for djs in your area	False
Find information about the wall	are you interested in downloading the album the wall	True
Take me to the current.	do you need an event schedule for the indiana state fairgrounds	False
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	are you searching for an image for lipoma	True
Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	would you like to see jobs around you that are equal opportunity employers	False
What is USDA food pyramid	are you looking for a food list for the usda food pyramid	True
figs	are you looking for recipes with figs	True
tell me about wilson antenna	what state is mitchell college in	False
What is USDA food pyramid	would you like to see a picture of the usda food pyramid	True
What is equal opportunity employer?	what do you need to know about equal opportunity employment	True
What is a 403b?	are you interested in any specific rules	True
What is yahoo	what would you like to know about yahoo	True
Tell me about cell phones.	would you like an active or relaxed dog	False
Tell me about fybromyalgia	do you want the definition of fibromyalgia	True
Tell me information about a sore throat.	would you like to see symptoms of this	True
Tell me about Afganistan.	do you want to know how many square miles afghanistan is	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	are you looking for a grill for grilling food	True
how to hire disc jockey	do you want to visit culpeper national cemetery	False
Tell me about Korean language.	are you trying to learn the korean language	True
What are signs of a heartattack?	do you want to know about the signs based on any specific demographics	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	are you looking for the nearest store you can buy hp mini 2140	False
How to get organised?	do you need to find out how to organize your pantry	True
I'm looking for information on dieting	are you looking for dieting that involves no medications	True
Find information on raised gardens.	do you need information on materials needed	True
tell me about wilson antenna	are you looking to buy an antenna or read more about the antenna	True
What is yahoo	are you interested in the list of inuyasha characters	False
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	is there a specific internet company you need information on	True
Tell me about avp	are you referring to a specific company	True
tell me about uss yorktown charleston SC	what kind of aircrafts would you like to know about	True
How do I get my free annual credit report?	are you looking into price difference of companies in your area	False
Tell me about kansas city mo	do you want to know the location of unc	False
tell me about idaho state flower	are you interested in the histroy behind it	True
Find information on hip fractures	would you like to purchase a weather stripping product	False
I need information on income tax return online	may i provide you medical definition of premature ventricular contractions	False
What are signs of a heartattack?	how far back do you want to learn about black history	False
tell me about diversity	are you looking for educational materials about diversity	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	are you looking for an online or inperson gmat prep class	True
Tell me about Korean language.	are you looking for books on the korean language	True
map	do you want to know what country the source is in	False
Child support in Indiana?	are you interested in child support resources	True
Give me information on OCD.	are you looking for specific information related to parents of children with ocd	True
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	would you like prices of elliptical trainer	False
Tell me about hotels in New York.	would you like a list of new york hotels	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	are you referring to a gas grill	True
Tell me information about Volvo.	which model of volvo are you interested in getting information about	True
Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	do you need their homepage	True
I want to learn about rock art.	do you want examples of rock art	True
Tell me about ron howard.	are you looking for a list of movies ron howard directed	True
I want to learn about rock art.	do you want examples of rock art	True
what are continental plates	is there a certain area that you need information on specifically	True
Find me information about diabetes education	what aspect of website desgin hosting are you interested in	False
How to prepare for the GMAT?	are you looking for a specific web site	True
Tell me about Pocono	do you need the website for the university of phoenix	False
What is yahoo	how would you like to lower your heart rate	False
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	are you interested in asnestos exposure	False
Find information about the secret garden.	can i provide you information about frances hodgson burnett	True
I’m looking for blue throated hummingbird	would you like to learn about how blue throated hummingbirds eat	True
Tell me about Neil Young.	do you want his biography	True
Take me to the current.	when do you want to go to the current chart show	True
Find information on ontario california airport.	would you like to know more about arrivals or departures	True
I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	do you need info on what jax chemical company produces	True
Tell me about kansas city mo	would you like to know the zip code of kansas city mo	True
Information about east ridge high school.	would you like to see trombones for sale on ebay	False
Find information about elliptical trainer	would you like an active or relaxed dog	False
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	are you interested in any specific events here	True
What to do in Arkansas	are you looking for the definition to lipoma	False
Where can I find information about forearm pain?	are you looking for a specific method to cure your forearm pain	True
Give me information on OCD.	are you interested in ocd in children	True
where can I buy a trombone?	what is theh tax rate for the country youre in	False
how to hire disc jockey	are you looking for djs in your area	True
Find condos in Florida.	are you interested in condos in sale	True
What can I do in sherwood regional library	are you interested in martha stewarts role in the company	False
Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	what are you using the design for	False
Tell me more about satilies	what kind of satellite are you looking for	True
Tell me about hotels in New York.	do you need help finding your new york hotel	True
Find sewing instructions for me	are you interested to teach sewing to children	True
Info on dog heat?	are you referring to a specific company	False
tell me about UNC	which area of study are you looking for at unc	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	do you mean do not resuscitate	False
I'm looking for information on dieting	would you like to know more about dieting products for weight loss	True
Tell me about avp	are you looking for any specific information in relation to beach volleyball	True
map	do you want a map with driving directions	True
Information about raffles	are you interested in aj raffles	True
How can I quick smoking	are you looking for smoking alternative products	True
Find information about tornadoes	do you need to know the difference between a watch and a warning	True
Find me information about the sales tax in Illinois.	may i tell you how much the state income tax in illinois is	True
What is California Franchise Tax Board	are you looking for legal forms	True
What can I do in sherwood regional library	do you want the address	True
Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	do you need information about special deals	True
Tell me more about satilies	are you talking about a spacecraft or a song	True
I'd like to learn about moths	are you wondering what moths eat	True
Tell me about kansas city mo	which area of study are you looking for at unc	False
What is equal opportunity employer?	would you like to know the history of the equal opportunity employer act	True
How should I use the septic system design	are you looking for the business near you	True
Is Kenmore heater good	are you looking for a specific model or part	True
what are the popular jobs in Michigan	are you looking for the location of michworks	True
Tell me about the sit and reach test.	are you trying to determine how well you did	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	would you like to find exercises to lower your heart rate	False
Find information about the gs pay rate	which gs tax bracket are you looking for	True
Give me information on OCD.	do you want to know the symptoms of ocd	True
tell me about iron	would you like to know how iron is mined	True
How to change the toilet in the house	would you like help searching for work in michigan	False
What can I do in sherwood regional library	are you interested in something specific about martha stewart and imclone	False
tell me about rock and gem shows	what kind of information do you need about rock and gem shows	True
I'm interested in poker tournaments	are you interested in learning how to play poker	True
tell me about wilson antenna	what model of wilson antenna are you inquiring about	True
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	would you like things to do to soothe a sore throat	False
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	do you need information on residential or business	True
What is yahoo	which inuyasha characters are you interested in	False
Tell me about Barbados.	are you referring to malignant lipolysis	False
I’m looking for information on worm	are you interested in the computer game worms	True
Tell me about Obama family tree.	do you want to know more about obamas parents	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	do you want to find out about the animal worm or a why a person is called a worm	False
Find information about the secret garden.	would you like to read some reviews of wilson antennas	False
Find information about the secret garden.	what are you using the design for	False
How to prepare for the GMAT?	would you like to see the most effective methods of gmat prep	True
How to get organised?	how about some organizing tips	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	are you planning to run or exercise	False
Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	are you looking for more information on food stamps in iowa	True
I'm looking for information on common schizophrenia drugs	are you interested in knowng what common drugs can treat schizophrenia	True
Tell me more about satilies	do you want to know more about the technology behind satellites	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	do you need to know where you can purchase a grill	True
Find information about penguins.	would you like to buy a book about this topic	True
tell me about ct jobs	do you want to know who is hiring here	True
Tell me about kansas city mo	are you interested in learning if your credit report is safe	False
How to change the toilet in the house	should i search nearby stores for discounts on a toilet	True
Find information on Porterville.	are you looking for any specific venues in porterville	True
where can I buy a trombone?	would you like to see trombones for beginners	True
TV on computer	do you want to know how to display your computer on a tv	True
Tell me about black history.	do you want to know about a specific person	True
I am looking for sources of used car parts.	would you like to buy parts online or in person	True
Information about bobcat	would you like to know of any bobcats for sale	True
Find me information about diabetes education	would you like to see reviews for website hosting and design companies	False
Tell me about weather stripping	do you want to know major landmark dates	False
Tell me about designer dog breeds.	are you interested in a specific designer dog breed	True
How to register dmv in va?	would you like to know cheap ways to grow vines	False
Find information about elliptical trainer	what breed of dog are you looking for	False
Tell me about Obama family tree.	would you like to know about obamas ancestors	True
Information about east ridge high school.	are you looking for a store that sells trombones near you	False
Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	would you like to know about different types of toilets	False
Find information about flushing.	are you looking for a specific product in flushing queens	True
Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	are you looking for bedroom furniture	True
Find information about penguins.	are you looking for the college	False
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	do you need to know how to trun a grill on	False
Tell me information about computer programming.	are you interested in coding courses online	True
I'm looking for information on duchess county tourism	what tourist spots are you looking for in dutchess county	True
Find information on ontario california airport.	do you need directions to ontario california airport	True
Find me information about the Last Supper painting.	do you need directions to see the last supper painting	True
Give me espn sports information.	are you looking for information on a specific league	True
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	would you like to know how to sign up for internet phone service	True
I’m looking for the music man.	are you looking for job openings at alexian brothers hospital	False
tell me about ct jobs	are you looking for jobs in the state of conneticut	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	do you want to know where to get treatment for a hip fracture	False
TV on computer	would you like to see recipes with butter and margarine	False
How can one can become highway patrol	did you want to know what the tenessee highway patrol cars look like	True
Find sewing instructions for me	would you like to know how to sew on a button	True
Where can I find information about forearm pain?	do you have forearm pain from lifting	True
I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	are you interested in a specific type of product	True
What to do in Arkansas	are you looking for arkansas history	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	are you troubleshooting or trying to repair the unit	False
Tell me more about HP mini 2140	are you looking for the nearest store you can buy hp mini 2140	True
How should I use the septic system design	ae you looking for examples of septic system design	True
Tell me about Neil Young.	do you want information on his death	True
How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	are you interested in buying a tv with a computer included	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	how low would you like to lower your heart rate	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	are you seeing if rick warren is still alive	True
I’m looking for the music man.	are you looking for our schedule of classes or events	False
How to prepare for the GMAT?	do you want to download drivers for the hp mini 2140	False
Tell me about fybromyalgia	which model of volvo are you interested in getting information about	False
Tell me about avp	do you want to know how a us president is elected	False
Find information about the wall	are you looking for a specific movie	True
tell me about evidence for evolution	would you like the evolution of men or women	True
tell me about tangible personal property tax	would you like to know about yellowstones history of eruptions	False
Find me information about diabetes education	do you want help finding a medical doctor for diabetes education	True
Where can I find cheap internet	or maybe free internet	True
butter and margarine	are you interested in the the nutritional value of butter and margarine	True
Tell me about sonoma county medical services.	do you need any specific information on health insurance	True
Tell me about of Ralph Owen Brester.	would you like to see a price range for gmat prep classes	False
What is a 403b?	do you want to know 403b contribution limits in 2018	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	what score would you like to achieve on the gmat test	True
Info on dog heat?	would you like to know why dogs heat up	True
Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	are you looking for a hotel inside disneyland	True
butter and margarine	do you have map apps on your phone	False
What is California Franchise Tax Board	are you looking for djs	False
What is yahoo	would you like to know more about kagome higurashi	False
what is the best long term care insurance	would you like to know about things to see and do in kansas city mo	False
Tell me about black history.	how far back do you want to learn about black history	True
Tell me about ps 2 games?	what are you trying to learn about diabetes	False
What is California Franchise Tax Board	do you want tips on how to be successful in an interview	False
I’m looking for the music man.	are you looking for a garden in you area	False
Where can I find cheap internet	how do you know if your internet service is inexpensive	True
Information about east ridge high school.	are you looking for east ridge high school activities	True
I'd like to learn about joints	are you interested in human body joints classifications	True
tell me about ct jobs	are you interested in the animal or the hockey team	False
tell me about wilson antenna	do you want realistic or cartoonish designs	False
Tell me more about HP mini 2140	how do you intend to use hp mini 2140	True
Is Kenmore heater good	are you looking for research papers	False
I’m interested in old coins	are you looking to purchase old or collector coins	True
tell me about rice?	do you want to know the nutritional content of rice	True
What are characteristics of Uranus	are you wondering what probe visited uranus	True
Find information about the secret garden.	which type of antenna are you interested in	False
Tell me about kansas city mo	are you interested in hallmark visitors center	True
Tell me more about dnr	are you interested in barbados ecology	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	would you like to find exercises to lower your heart rate	False
how to build a fence?	do you want to know about the nearest town named bellevue	False
Find sewing instructions for me	would you like written instructions or a video	True
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	are you interested in the medical term dnr	False
Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	would you like to book a flight to pocono couples retreat	False
Tell me more about Rocky Mountain News	do you want to read geology of the mountain range	True
Tell me about Pocono	would you like to watch videos about how figs grow andor how to prepare them	False
map	do you have map apps on your phone	True
I'm looking for information on dieting	how much weight do you want to lose while dieting	True
Tell me about american military university.	are you wanting to know more about the entrance requirements	True
I'm looking for flame designs	are you interested in pet health supplies	False
Give me information about tribe formerly living in alabama	are you interested in alabama towns named after tribes	True
tell me about rice?	are you looking for a specific recipe	True
Give me information on OCD.	do you want examples of ocd	True
How to change the toilet in the house	are you looking for a specific job or the job search site	False
map	would you like to see google maps homepage	True
Tell me about avp	are you looking for a mythbusters product	False
figs	would you like to know the climate figs are found in	True
How to use wiki?	do you want to know how wiki works	True
how to build a fence?	are you looking for bellevue baptist church	False
Find information about penguins.	would you like to see penguins of madagascar	True
how to build a fence?	do you need information about bellevue nebraska	False
Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	are you trying to fix your toilet	False
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	do you want information on arizona wildlife	True
I’m interested in old coins	are you looking to purchase old or collector coins	True
Tell me about civil war battles in South Carolina	would you like to know which civil war battle sites can be visited in south carolina	True
How do I get my free annual credit report?	is there a specific internet company you need information on	False
tell me about rock and gem shows	are you looking for a specific dinosaur	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	how low would you like to lower your heart rate	False
I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	what information about east ridge high school are you looking for	False
I'd like to learn about joints	are you referring to the joints you roll	True
Find information about flushing.	do you want to know why your face is flushing	True
figs	do you want to know about alternatives to a septic system	False
Find me reviews of the les Miserables.	do you want good reviews or bad reviews	True
Find information about flushing.	are you wondering who speaks the korean language	False
Tell me about Korean language.	are you interested in types of pvc pipe	False
How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	do you want to purchase streaming services	False
I'm looking for information on duchess county tourism	are you looking for a job in dutchess county in regards to tourism	True
Tell me about atypical squamous cells	would you like to know the chance of getting atypical squamous cells	True
I’m looking for information on worm	are you interested in the history of the korean language	False
Tell me about designer dog breeds.	are you interested in a specific designer dog breed	True
Tell me about Obama family tree.	is there a specific program you are looking for	False
Find information about flushing.	do you need to register to file your tax return online	False
tell me about ct jobs	are you looking for listings with a particular skill set	True
Is Kenmore heater good	would you like reviews on the kenmore gas water heater	True
I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	would you like to know of upcoming concert dates	True
What is martha stewart and imclone?	do you want to know who owns the company imclone	True
Find information about the gs pay rate	do you want to know when the idaho state flower was named	False
I'm looking for information on VLDL levels	what levels of vldl levels are you looking for normal or abnormal	True
Tell me about Barbados.	would you like a map of barbados	True
What to do in Arkansas	which city in arkansas are you interested in	True
What is yahoo	would you like to see inuyasha manga	False
tell me about UNC	would you like information on the university of north carolina unc	True
How to register dmv in va?	would you like the phone numbers to the va dmv registration	True
tell me about ct jobs	are you using this around the yard	False
Tell me about Bellevue.	what aspect of the flushing remostrance would you like to learn more about	False
Tell me about weather stripping	are you looking for a specific event or activity	False
Give me information about Titan.	are you interested in a specific web page	True
what is the best long term care insurance	are you interested in new york hotel prices	False
What is Fickle Creek Farm	are you located in jacksonville fl	False
How to change the toilet in the house	what brand is your toilet	True
Where can I find information about forearm pain?	are you looking for treatments to forearm pain	True
tell me about rock and gem shows	are you interested in coloring books	False
Tell me about black history.	are you looking for something to read	True
tell me about ct jobs	would you like to see penguins of madagascar	False
Tell me about avp	are you needing store information	False
Tell me about Korean language.	do you want to learn how to calculate your vldl levels	False
Find information about Mitchell College.	are you looking for avp beach volleyball	False
map	what mothers day song are you looking for	False
Tell me information about computer programming.	are you looking to see how much computer programming lessons cost	True
I'm interested in dinosaurs	are you looking for a specific web site about dinosaurs	True
tell me about ct jobs	do you want to know who is hiring here	True
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	would you like to see reviews on elliptical trainers	False
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	do you need maps for arizona hunting and fishing	True
Find information on Porterville.	do you want to find a restaurant or store here	True
Tell me more about satilies	do you want to know about a satellite receivers or dishes	True
I'm interested in InuYasha	are you interested in the music from inuyasha	True
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	would you like to see symptoms of this	False
Tell me bio of george bush sr.	would you like to know where george bush sr went to school	True
tell me about cass county missouri	are you looking for a specific part of missouri	True
figs	would you like to know where you can buy figs	True
I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	would you like to know of upcoming concert dates	True
Find sewing instructions for me	would you like to know some basic tips for sewing	True
I'm looking for flame designs	what would you like to know about the dog heat season	False
Tell me about Korean language.	would you like to learn more about pvc pipes and fittings	False
Tell me about vines for shade.	do you want to know who owns the company imclone	False
I'm looking for flame designs	how big do you want the flames to be	True
I'm interested in dinosaurs	would you like to know subsrition pricing to arkadelphia health club	False
Tell me about cell phones.	what price range of cell phones are you interested in	True
Tell me about hotels in New York.	do you need help finding your new york hotel	True
What is yahoo	do you want to access yahoos twitter feed	True
Tell me about fybromyalgia	do you need to know the cause of it	True
Find information about penguins.	are you looking for a specific energy related company	False
Find information on French Lick Resort and Casino.	are you wanting writings by the pastor	False
Information about raffles	are you interested in raffles in which one can enter and win	True
Give me information about Titan.	are you referring to the watch brand	True
Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	are you looking for anything specific in terms of equal opportunity discrimination	False
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	would you like to learn more about how to exercise with the bowflex power pro	True
Tell me information about Volvo.	do you want to know how old rick warren is	False
how to hire disc jockey	would you like to see an instruction manual	False
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	do you need the address or location for the company	True
Find information on Porterville.	do you want to know about indoor or outdoor grilling	False
Tell me about avp	are you referring to a specific company	True
Find information about the secret garden.	what model of wilson antenna are you inquiring about	False
Find me information about diabetes education	what aspect of website desgin hosting are you interested in	False
What is Fickle Creek Farm	do you want to know the location of fickle creek farm	True
Find information about elliptical trainer	what brand of gps device are you looking for	False
Tell me about weather stripping	are you interested in weather strips for windows	True
I need information on income tax return online	would you like information on filing income taxes	True
Which gps receiver I should buy	would you like to read some reviews	False
Tell me about fybromyalgia	are you experiencing a flare up	True
Find information about the secret garden.	would you like to know about where to purchase a wilson antenna	False
Where can I find cheap internet	or maybe free internet	True
What is equal opportunity employer?	would you like to know what the equal opportunity employer act is	True
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	would you like to know what country volvo is located	False
tell me about ct jobs	will this be a tall fence or short fence	False
What is martha stewart and imclone?	are you looking for standings of a specific sport	False
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	do you want to know the cost of lipoma removal	True
I’m interested in old coins	are you interested in specific old coins	True
I'd like to learn about joints	are you asking about cannabis	True
Tell me information about Volvo.	are you looking for a dealer in a specific location	True
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	what activities in dutchess county were you interested in	False
I want to learn about rock art.	are you wondering what rock art is	True
Tell me about kansas city mo	would you like to know about things to see and do in kansas city mo	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	are you looking for the definition to lipoma	True
Find information on French Lick Resort and Casino.	do you have a preference of the casino in french lick	True
Find information about tornadoes	are you wondering where tornadoes are more likely	True
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	are you interested in kabob recipes	False
Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	what type of furniture are you looking for	True
Tell me about cell phones.	are you looking for a new phone with a specific carrier	True
Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	are you looking for furniture for a specific room	True
Tell me about kids earth day activities	would you like activities that focus on the theme for this years earth day	True
how to build a fence?	are you looking for things to do in bellevue	False
I need information about the University of Phoenix.	do you need admission information for the university of phoenix	True
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	are you looking for a specific web page	True
Which gps receiver I should buy	would you like to know how gps works	True
Tell me information about Volvo.	do you need repair information	True
Tell me about Neil Young.	are you looking for specific neil young songs	True
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	is your volvo having a maintenance issue	False
I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	do you need stock price values for the company	False
What is yahoo	are you interested in the list of inuyasha characters	False
How to prepare for the GMAT?	would you like to know the size of this product	False
what are the popular jobs in Michigan	are you interested in the original classic book by frances hodges burnett	False
Tell me more on health clubs in Arkansas	would you like directions to the sherwood regional library	False
I need information on income tax return online	are you interested in a certain fitting for a pvc pipe	False
Give me information on OCD.	are you interested in ocd medications	True
Looking for information about the Orange County Convention Center	do you need a map	True
tell me about iron	are you looking for irons melting point	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	are you interested in any specific statistics for fractures	False
What is yahoo	are you referring to a crazy person	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	what types of ps 2 games do you like to play	False
I’m looking for the music man.	what location of alexian brothers hospital do you want to know about	False
I'm looking for information about South Africa	would you like to know about south african food	True
Tell me about source of the nile	are you looking for lapidary classes	False
Where can I find information about forearm pain?	are you looking for a specific method to cure your forearm pain	True
Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	are you looking for product recalls	True
I'm interested in mothers day songs	are you looking album called mothers days songs	True
I need information on income tax return online	are you interested in a certain fitting for a pvc pipe	False
Tell me information about Volvo.	are you looking for the age of rick warren	False
Tell me about american military university.	do you want to know more about the the curriculum	True
Take me to the current.	are you trying to find out who is the owner of the current fm station	True
How can I adopt a dog	what breed of dog are you looking for	True
tell me about idaho state flower	are you looking for deals and offers related to french lick resort	False
Tell me about cell phones.	what price range of cell phones are you interested in	True
How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	are you looking for an interview preparation guide	True
What is equal opportunity employer?	would you like to see how to meet the legal requirement to be an equal opportunity employer	True
Tell me about ps 2 games?	are you searching for prevention tools	False
Tell me about cell phones.	do you want a phone number to call	False
I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	do you want to buy their music	True
tell me about iron	are you interested in the common jobs in connecticut	False
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	are you interested in paid services	True
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	are you looking for a list of all us presidents	True
Find information on raised gardens.	what specific supply would you like to buy for your raised garden	True
What is yahoo	would you like to know more about kagome higurashi	False
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	which department are you interested in at mayo clinic jacksonville fl	True
who invented music	are you looking for the history of classical music	True
Give me air travel information.	would you like to know more about checked baggages rules	True
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	are you looking into price difference of companies in your area	True
Find information on ontario california airport.	would you like to book a flight at ontario california airport	True
How to cook pork tenderlion	would you like to know where to purchase a pork tenderloin	True
I'm looking for keyboard reviews	are you interested in digital pianos	True
what is the best long term care insurance	do you need direction to your new york hotel	False
what is the best long term care insurance	do you need help finding your new york hotel	False
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	what time are you wanting to visit this clinic	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	are you planning to run or exercise	False
tell me about idaho state flower	do you need to know the cause of it	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	would you like to know why its important to lower your heart rate	False
how to build a fence?	are you interested in the costs of building a fence	True
What can I do in sherwood regional library	may i tell you the numnber of earthquakes recorded in the past month in the yellowstone area	False
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	do you want to know about grilling meat	False
Find me information about diabetes education	who you be interested in becoming a diabetes educator	True
How can I adopt a dog	what adoption agency or shelter would you like to use	True
all men are created equal	are you looking for declaration of independence at the national archives	True
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	would you like the location of the arizona fish and game comission	True
Where can I find information about forearm pain?	are you having forearm pain	True
Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	are you looking for requirements to become a food assistance	True
Find information about elliptical trainer	do you want more information about the benefits of an elliptical trainer	True
Find information about penguins.	are you trying to look for kucoin shares cryptocurrency	False
Tell me about avp	are you looking for a list of all us presidents	False
Tell me about Bellevue.	would you like to know about blushing	False
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	do you want to know a list of top gmat prep classes	False
Give me espn sports information.	do you want an espn sports schedule	True
What is yahoo	shall i take you to any specific pages of yahoo web site	True
How should I use the septic system design	are you looking for a hotel near porterville	False
I'm looking for information on dieting	do you want to learn about the history of dieting	True
Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	do you want to know what being an equal opportunity employer means	False
Tell me more about HP mini 2140	are you trying to know the warranty period of hp mini 2140	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	would you like to know what effects hart beat rate	False
How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	would you like to know more about writing interview thank you letters	True
butter and margarine	are you looking for health facts of butter and mararine	True
Tell me about the sit and reach test.	do you want to know the purpose of the test	True
Find information on French Lick Resort and Casino.	are you referring to the pastor	False
Find information about tornadoes	are you interested in tornado safety	True
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	would you like to know more about the gmat test	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	are you referring to the search engine	False
Find Brooks Brothers clearance.	would you like to know about the brooks brothers clearance return policy	True
Find information about the secret garden.	can we show you reviews of the original classic book the secret garden	True
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	are you looking for the history of butter and margarine	False
Find me information on sat	do you need any specific information about sat grades	True
figs	are you looking for recipes with figs	True
Find information about the sun.	are you looking for a special news	True
what are the seven deadly sins	did you want to know the order of the seven deadly sins	True
Tell me about fybromyalgia	do you need repair information	False
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	would you like to see specs on this equipment	True
What is a 403b?	are you looking for the information how 403b plan works	True
tell me about ct jobs	which part of connecticut are you interested in	True
Is Kenmore heater good	are you looking for research papers	False
Find information on French Lick Resort and Casino.	are you interested in french lick resort and casinos hours of operation	True
What are specific dangers of asbestos?	would you like to know how to watch tv on your computer	False
I'm interested in poker tournaments	which poker tournament are you interested in knowing more about	True
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	are you interested in the requirements for applying to the program or the poverty level limits	False
butter and margarine	are you referring to a food stamp program that is current or a historical one	False
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	do you want to know about the signs based on any specific demographics	False
Tell me about american military university.	are you interested in learning more about tuition costs for the american military university	True
Find sewing instructions for me	are you interested to teach sewing to children	True
Find information about Mitchell College.	would you like information about the alternatives to violence project	False
How can I quick smoking	are you looking for patches	True
Tell me about kansas city mo	do you want information on how to keep your credit report good	False
I’m looking for information on worm	are you interested in pictures of worms	True
Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	what would you like to do in the poconos	False
Tell me about american military university.	are you looking for a specific web page	True
Tell me about black history.	are you looking for black history figures	True
Where can I find information about forearm pain?	are you looking for a specific method to cure your forearm pain	True
tell me about iron	are you looking for a list of foods that are a good source of iron	True
Tell me more about satilies	are you looking for a company which provides internet services	True
figs	are you trying to find a contractor	False
Find information about the gs pay rate	would you like to see a gs salary calculator	True
tell me about symptoms of mad cow disease in humans	do you want to know if mad cow disease has a cure	True
Where can I find information about forearm pain?	are you looking for causes of forearm pain	True
I’m looking for the music man.	do you want to watch the music man film	True
How to change the toilet in the house	do you need to know how to measure a toilet for installation	True
Find information about the secret garden.	what model of wilson antenna are you inquiring about	False
I want to learn about rock art.	are you looking for examples of rock art	True
how to build a fence?	do you need information about bellevue nebraska	False
Find information about the wall	are you interested in downloading the album the wall	True
Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	are you interesting in buying furniture	True
What is yahoo	how would you like to lower your heart rate	False
Tell me about madam cj walker	do you want to know what madam cj walker is famous for	True
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	have you been to this clinic before	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	do you need technical specifications for the hp mini 2140	False
Tell me more on Kansas city railroad	are you trying to find out what worms eat	False
Tell me more about satilies	are you referring to satellite imagery on google maps	True
Give me air travel information.	would you like to hear air travel info in the news	True
how to build a fence?	are you using this around the yard	True
tell me about rice?	do you want to know where rice originated	True
Tell me about american military university.	do you need product information	False
Find information about elliptical trainer	are you looking for information of where to buy a elliptical trainer	True
Find information about tornadoes	would you like historic information	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	do you want to access yahoos twitter feed	False
I'm interested in InuYasha	which ps 2 game genres are you interested in	False
Tell me about cell phones.	are you looking for prepaid phones	True
Find me information about the Ritz Carlton Lake Las Vegas.	are you wanting the rates for the ritz carlton in las vegas	True
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	are you looking for lab jobs	True
butter and margarine	are you interested in the requirements for applying to the program or the poverty level limits	False
Tell me about madam cj walker	would you like to see more early africanamerican entrepeneurs	True
Tell me more about satilies	are you inquiring about satellite tv	True
map	would you like to know what the nile is composed of	False
Find information about tornadoes	are you wondering where tornadoes are more likely	True
TV on computer	would you like to see some reviews	False
I'd like to learn about joints	would you like to know about woodworking	True
Where can I find cheap internet	are you looking for any bundles or deals	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	would you like to know what distinguishes gmat from gre	True
Tell me about ron howard.	do you want to know how old ron howard is	True
Info on dog heat?	do you want to know about a management position	False
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	do you need information on residential or business	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	do you want to know about yahoo the company or yahoo the word	False
I’m looking for the music man.	are you looking for showtimes for the music man	True
I'm interested in poker tournaments	do you want to watch a tournament online	True
What can I do in sherwood regional library	are you looking for any specific information about the library	True
Tell me about ps 2 games?	which type of diabetes do you want to learn about	False
Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	would you like to know why some scientists think the yellowstone volcano is in the process of dying	True
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	are you looking for requirements to become a food assistance	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	are you referring to a crazy person	False
I'm looking for information on hobby stores	is this a hobby for child	True
I'm looking for flame designs	do you want a spell check for avp	False
Find information about the wall	do you want to contribute to the gofundme campaign to fund the wall	True
Find information about the secret garden.	would you like to know about where to purchase a wilson antenna	False
tell me about iron	do you want to know the iron composition of steel	True
Tell me about of Ralph Owen Brester.	are you interested in learning more about ralph owen brewseter	True
I'm looking for a wedding budget calculator	would you like to see articles about wedding budgeting	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you interested in knowing more about a computer worm	False
What is martha stewart and imclone?	do you want to know about special events on espn	False
I'm looking for information on VLDL levels	vldl and ldl are both considered types of bad cholesterol	True
I'm looking for universal animal cuts reviews	were you interested in the side effects of universal animal cuts	True
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	would you like to know about the dangers of asbestos removal	False
Where can I buy pressure washers?	are you looking for the nearest location to buy a pressure washer	True
Which gps receiver I should buy	are you looking for car navigators	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you referring to bellevue washington	True
Tell me about Barbados.	would you like to know how far barbados is	True
What is yahoo	do you have any medical conditions	False
I'm looking for information on hobby stores	why type of hobby arts and crafts or sports	True
tell me about wilson antenna	would you like to know about the admission procedure of mitchel college	False
Tell me about designer dog breeds.	do you want to know where to buy a designer dog breed	True
what are continental plates	is this the topic of a reseach paper that you may be writing	True
What is California Franchise Tax Board	are you looking for legal forms	True
Tell me about kansas city mo	would you like to learn about the unc campuses	False
Find information about flushing.	are you interested in korean language classes	False
What to do in Arkansas	do you want to know how to get to arkansas	True
tell me about rice?	do you want to know how to harvest rice	True
Tell me about ron howard.	are you looking for a list of movies ron howard directed	True
Tell me about of Ralph Owen Brester.	would you like to know more about the gmat test	False
Find information about penguins.	are you interested in the costs of building a fence	False
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	would you like to know the history of culpeper national cemetary	True
I'm looking for information on dieting	are you interested in reading more about the health benefits of dieting	True
tell me about rice?	do you want to know how rice is grown	True
how to build a fence?	are you keeping people out or animals in	True
What is yahoo	which inuyasha characters are you interested in	False
I'm looking for information on dieting	are you interested in reading some inspirational quotations about dieting	True
Find me information on sat	what would you like to schedule for saturday	True
Tell me about Obama family tree.	would you like to know the political positions ralph owen brewster held	False
tell me about iron	do you want to know where the uss yorktown is currently located	False
Info on dog heat?	are you looking for symptoms of dog heat	True
Tell me about of Ralph Owen Brester.	what is ralph owen brewsters background	True
Tell me more about USA tax for annuity	do you want to know how an indexed annuity works	True
Let's see frank lloyd wright biography	would you like a list of the best biographies for frank lloyd wright	True
Find information about atari	would you like to know where you can buy a discounted or used elliptical trainer	False
where can I buy a trombone?	would you like to see a list of states which receive tangible personal property tax	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	are you referring to the insane person across the street	False
TV on computer	do you want to know how to display your computer on a tv	True
Tell me about Korean language.	would you like to know more about ldl	False
What are specific dangers of asbestos?	are you looking for reviews of djs	False
map	are you on a road trip	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	what specific dnr are you referring to	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	do you want dietary recommendations	False
Find information about elliptical trainer	do you want stores selling elliptical trainer	True
How to change the toilet in the house	do you have a specific toilet brand on your mind	True
all men are created equal	which use of that quote are you interested in	True
I'm looking for information on VLDL levels	are you interested in ways to reduce vldl levels	True
Tell me more about dnr	would you like a map of barbados	False
I'm interested in dinosaurs	are you looking for a dinosaur costume or game	True
I need information on income tax return online	would you like to learn more about pvc pipes and fittings	False
Tell me about Barbados.	were you looking for the causes of hip fractures	False
Tell me about ps 2 games?	which ps 2 game franchises are you interested in	True
tell me about UNC	which area of study are you looking for at unc	True
Find information about the secret garden.	what kind of wilson antenna are you interested in	False
how to build a fence?	will this be used as a animal pen	True
Tell me about hotels in New York.	are you interested in new york hotel prices	True
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	would you like to request an appointment	True
Tell me about fybromyalgia	is there something you need to know about this condition	True
tell me about tangible personal property tax	would you like to know trending data or a timeline for the uplift at yellowstone national park	False
Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	do you want to pay a bill	True
Tell me about scooters.	there are some cool deals available shall i show them	True
butter and margarine	do you want a tourist map	False
how to hire disc jockey	do you want to visit culpeper national cemetery	False
Find me information about diabetes education	are you searching for a local educational program	True
What is yahoo	which inuyasha characters are you interested in	False
How can I lower my heart rate?	would you like to know about normal heart rate	True
I want to learn about rock art.	do you want locations of rock art	True
How to cook pork tenderlion	do you need to cook a pork tenderloin	True
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	do you want a phone number	False
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	are you looking for homeopathic sore throat treatments	False
Where can I find information about forearm pain?	there are some interesting articles on preventing forearm pain are you interested	True
Find me information about diabetes education	are you looking for diet information	True
Find me information about PVC	would you like to learn more about pvc pipes and fittings	True
Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	would you wanting to know how to set one up	True
Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	what are you using the design for	False
Tell me about Barbados.	are you interested in facts about barbados	True
I'm interested in InuYasha	would any specific game interest you	True
figs	are you looking for septic system design software	False
How to prepare for the GMAT?	any specific company on your mind	True
Give me information about Titan.	are you looking for the latest tennessee titans scores	True
Give me espn sports information.	do you want to know what channel espn is	True
Tell me about weather stripping	do you want to know about a specific person	False
I'm looking for information on duchess county tourism	are you looking for information related to tourism	True
I'd like to learn about moths	are you interested in moth biology	True
Find information about the secret garden.	are you looking for a garden in you area	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	are you interested in kabob recipes	True
Find information on Porterville.	are you interested in grilling equipment	False
Tell me about Pocono	what kind of place would you like to stay at in the poconos	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	do you want dietary recommendations	True
Which gps receiver I should buy	are you trying to rent at a disneyland hotel	False
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	are you trying to compare android to ios	False
I'm interested in dinosaurs	would you like the phone numbers to the va dmv registration	False
Give me information on OCD.	are you looking for treatment for ocd	True
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	are you looking for the first president ever	True
what is the best long term care insurance	do you need direction to your new york hotel	False
Tell me more about HP mini 2140	do you want reviews of the hp mini 2140	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	do you want to know about worm castings	False
Find information about elliptical trainer	is there a specific brand that you would like to know more about	True
Find information about the gs pay rate	are you looking fro a gs base payscale table for 2018	True
Tell me about ron howard.	are you interested in when ron howard was younger or his older work	True
What is martha stewart and imclone?	do you want information about espn sports personalities	False
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	are you interested in the requirements for applying to the program or the poverty level limits	False
Tell me about american military university.	would you like to know more about its history	True
I’m looking for information on worm	would you like to know what a conficker is	True
who invented music	do you want to know what kind of music was the first	True
What are characteristics of Uranus	are you looking for learning material for school	True
I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	are you looking to find out what game platforms you can play the beatles rock bank game on	True
Tell me more about satilies	are you looking for a company which provides internet services	True
how to build a fence?	would you like to see notable residents of bellevue washington	False
How to register dmv in va?	what are in interested in about va dmv registration	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	would you like to know what effects hart beat rate	False
Where can I find information about forearm pain?	do you have forearm pain from typing	True
I am looking for sources of used car parts.	would you like to know maore about getting the best used car parts	True
tell me about iron	do you want to hear pittsburgh penguin news	False
What is yahoo	are you referring to a crazy person	True
Tell about an adobe indian house?	do you need any specific information about people who resided in adobe houses	True
I'm interested in dinosaurs	would you like to email the va dmv registration	False
Tell me about Obama family tree.	do you want to know more about obamas parents	True
Find information about atari	are you interested in buying a new atari game console	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	are you looking for an online or inperson gmat prep class	True
Tell me about the sit and reach test.	do you want to know how to perform this test	True
Tell me about kansas city mo	would you like to know the zip code of kansas city mo	True
Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	are you looking for flame design outline	False
tell me about cass county missouri	do you have travel plans	True
I need information on income tax return online	do you want names of companies that file income taxes online	True
Find information on Porterville.	do you want to know about grilling meat	False
I'm looking for information on dieting	are you interested in reading some inspirational quotations about dieting	True
Looking for information about the Orange County Convention Center	are you planning any events there	True
Tell me about madam cj walker	do you want to know what madam cj walker is famous for	True
How should I use the septic system design	are you looking for the business near you	True
Tell me about source of the nile	do you want to know about the source of the video game	True
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	are you looking for free internet phone service or are you willing to pay for it	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you referring to bellevue washington	True
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	are you looking for the brands of butter and margarine	False
Find information on Porterville.	are you looking for attractions near porterville	True
Tell about an adobe indian house?	do you wish to know the location of native american houses	True
What is a 403b?	are you looking for withdrawal rules for 403b plan	True
Tell me about of Ralph Owen Brester.	are you looking for a specific web site	False
Tell me information about Volvo.	are you referring to the author	False
Find information on French Lick Resort and Casino.	are you wanting to see sermons by the pastor	False
Find information about atari	are you interested in classic atari games or current atari games	True
tell me about uss yorktown charleston SC	are you interested in a specific type of penguin	False
Is Kenmore heater good	what year model are you looking for	True
I'm looking for a wedding budget calculator	would you like to find an app for wedding budgeting	True
Tell me about avp	are you needing store information	False
Give me espn sports information.	would you like to know more about pocono raceway	False
what is the best long term care insurance	are you interested in new york hotel prices	False
How to register dmv in va?	do you want to call	False
tell me about wilson antenna	should there be anything else besides the flames	False
Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	are you looking for flame design outline	False
figs	ae you looking for examples of septic system design	False
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	would you like to know where to buy weather strips	False
How to change the toilet in the house	are you looking for a summary of the music man plot	False
Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	would you like directions to the nearest iowa food stamp office	True
Where can I find information about forearm pain?	do you have forearm pain from lifting	True
Find information about the secret garden.	which type of antenna are you interested in	False
I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	is there any specific information that you would like to know about employment requirements at pnl	False
How to get organised?	are you looking for a specific web site	True
to be or not to be that is the question	are you talking about a psychology course	True
Find information about flushing.	are you wondering who speaks the korean language	False
Tell me about weather stripping	would you like to know more about sliding glass doors	True
Find information on Porterville.	are you looking for a specific place here	True
what are continental plates	is there a certain area that you need information on specifically	True
I'm looking for universal animal cuts reviews	would you like to see the top reviews for universal animal cuts	True
What is yahoo	do you want to access yahoo mail	True
Tell me more about dnr	are you interested in the medical term dnr	True
Find information about the secret garden.	are you looking for flame designs for a tattoo	False
I'm looking for a wedding budget calculator	are you looking for advice on wedding budgeting	True
What is a 403b?	would you like to see the difference between a 403b and 401k account	True
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	did you want to know what the most popular cell phones are	False
tell me about cass county missouri	are you looking for places to eat in cass county missouri	True
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	are you looking for information of where to buy a elliptical trainer	False
Tell me about kansas city mo	would you like to know about things to see and do in kansas city mo	True
Tell me more about HP mini 2140	do you need specific forms to fill out	False
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	what price range of cell phones are you interested in	False
How do I get my free annual credit report?	do you want to know how to obtain someones credit report	True
I need information on income tax return online	do you want to know how to make ballet bars out of pvc	False
Tell me information about a sore throat.	do you want the location of the indiana state fairgrounds	False
Tell me more about HP mini 2140	do you need technical specifications for the hp mini 2140	True
Where can I buy pressure washers?	are you wondering what a pressure washer is	True
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	are you looking for legal forms	False
How to prepare for the GMAT?	do you want to know a list of top gmat prep classes	True
Information about bobcat	are you interested in knowing where bobcats are located geographically	True
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	are you looking for lab jobs	True
Where can I buy pressure washers?	do you want to price compare pressure washers	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	are you looking for lipoma removal	True
Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	would you like to book a flight to pocono couples retreat	False
Find information about the wall	are you referring to the vietnam veterans memorial wall	True
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	would you like to know more about writing interview thank you letters	False
Find information about tornadoes	are you interested in tornado safety	True
What are signs of a heartattack?	do you know what a heart attack is	True
How can one can become highway patrol	are you interested in knowing the avergae salary of an employee of the tennessee highway patrol	True
tell me about tangible personal property tax	would you like to know about yellowstones history of eruptions	False
How can I quick smoking	are you looking for patches	True
What can I do in sherwood regional library	would you like to know more about what would occur if the supervolcano underneath yellowstone national park errupted	False
Tell me about Obama family tree.	would you like to know barack obamas geneology	True
butter and margarine	would you like to see how these fats effect human arteries	True
Tell me about ps 2 games?	would you like to see a list of new released ps2 games	True
What is equal opportunity employer?	are you wanting to know its location	False
I’m interested in old coins	are you interested in specific old coins	True
Tell me information about a sore throat.	what event do you want to attend at the fairgrounds	False
Find information on French Lick Resort and Casino.	are you looking to buy a volvo	False
I am looking for sources of used car parts.	do you want to sell used car parts	True
Find information about Mitchell College.	would you like to know about the admission procedure of mitchel college	True
Tell me more on Kansas city railroad	are you referring to knowledge centered support	True
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	do you wish to do an entity search	False
tell me about idaho state flower	do you want to see images of the idaho state flower	True
How should I use the septic system design	are you looking for a specific web site	False
How can I adopt a dog	do you have a specific toilet brand on your mind	False
Where can I buy pressure washers?	are you wondering how a pressure washer works	True
tell me about tangible personal property tax	are you looking for a specific web site	False
Information about east ridge high school.	are you putting the ivy on a trellis	False
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	would you like to register a domain name	True
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	would you like to know what distinguishes gmat from gre	False
Tell me about the sit and reach test.	are you trying to determine how well you did	True
Tell me more about satilies	are you talking about a spacecraft or a song	True
Where can I buy pressure washers?	do you need a pressure washer shipped directly	True
Tell me about Obama family tree.	would you like to know barack obamas geneology	True
I’m looking for information on worm	would you like to know what a conficker is	True
tell me about rice?	are you looking for recipes that include rice	True
Information about east ridge high school.	would you like to kinow the phone nummber to arkadelphia health club	False
Find information about flushing.	are you referring to flushing new york	True
What to do in Arkansas	are you looking for what country arkansas is	True
Find information about the secret garden.	what model of wilson antenna are you inquiring about	False
Find information about atari	are you looking for someone to design a site for you or a site that allows you to do it yourself	False
tell me about idaho state flower	do you need mediciation for fibromyalgia	False
I'm interested in InuYasha	are you looking for specific fanrelated information	True
Tell me about ps 2 games?	what types of ps 2 games do you like to play	True
I'm interested in mothers day songs	would you like to know about specific artists related to mothers day	True
TV on computer	do you want to find online tv streaming services	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	are you searching for the information in regard to lipoma symptoms	True
Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	are you looking for topics related to bathroom health	False
Tell me about ps 2 games?	how many ps 2 games are you looking to buy	True
Information about raffles	are you looking for raffle tickets in your area to purchase	True
Find me information about the Last Supper painting.	do you need directions to see the last supper painting	True
map	do you study road maps	True
I'm looking for flame designs	do you think your dog is in heat	False
Where can I find cheap internet	are you wondering how to reduce your internet bill	True
Tell me about ps 2 games?	how many ps 2 games are you looking to buy	True
I'm interested in dinosaurs	what services do you want to find information about	False
Tell about an adobe indian house?	do you want information about the construction of adobe houses	True
Find me information about diabetes education	diabetes education regarding children or adults	True
tell me about tangible personal property tax	would you like to find out how much you owe	True
Tell me about avp	do you need to see what is sold there	False
Find Brooks Brothers clearance.	would you like a list of brooks brothers shoes on clearance	True
What is California Franchise Tax Board	are you looking for different kinds of djs	False
I'd like to learn about moths	are you interested in what draws a moth to flame	True
I'm looking for flame designs	do you want to know how long a female dogs heat lasts	False
Tell about an adobe indian house?	do you want to learn how an adobe indian house is made	True
Tell me more on Kansas city railroad	do you want to find out about the animal worm or a why a person is called a worm	False
What is von Willebrand Disease?	what person with von willebrand disease do you want to know about	True
discovery channel store	do you wish to order online directly	True
Child support in Indiana?	do you want wording of child support laws	True
Is Kenmore heater good	are you looking for a specific web site	False
How to change the toilet in the house	do you want to know the number of available jobs on the website	False
Tell me about cell phones.	are you interested in a specific brand of cell phone	True
tell me about wilson antenna	are you looking for a specific web page	True
I'm looking for information on VLDL levels	would you like to see charts about vldl levels	True
Find information about penguins.	would you like to buy some stuff related pittsburgh penguins	True
tell me about rock and gem shows	are you interested in dinosaur toys	False
I'm looking for information on duchess county tourism	do you want a map of your local area	False
Tell me about Afganistan.	do you want to know the history of afganistan	True
What are signs of a heartattack?	are you looking for a specific event or activity	False
Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	are you needing to know what its used for	True
what is the best long term care insurance	are you interested in new york hotel prices	False
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	are you referring to the lab in seattle	True
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	are you looking for free internet phone service or are you willing to pay for it	True
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	would you like to know how butter and margarine affect the food you eat	False
Tell me information about a sore throat.	do you want the location of the indiana state fairgrounds	False
Tell me about vines for shade.	are you interested in martha stewarts role in the company	False
What are the best recepies for grilling	are you interested in kabob recipes	True
I'm interested in InuYasha	are you interested in the years inuyasha was shown in tv	True
butter and margarine	would you like a map with services or sites of interest listed	False
Tell me information about Volvo.	are you interested in the size of the company	True
Tell me information about a sore throat.	are you wanting to know the illnesses that list sore throat as a symptom	True
I'm looking for flame designs	are you looking for any specific information in relation to beach volleyball	False
Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	would you like to know why some scientists think the yellowstone volcano is in the process of dying	True
tell me about idaho state flower	are you interested in the histroy behind it	True
I'm looking for information on dieting	are you looking for dieting tips	True
Tell me about atypical squamous cells	do you want to see how common it it	True
I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	are you looking for specific courses	True
I'm looking for a wedding budget calculator	what are your budget priorities for your wedding	True
Tell me about the sit and reach test.	do you want to know how to perform this test	True
figs	are you interested in a pressure distributon design 2 feet of absorbant soil	False
I need information about the University of Phoenix.	what major are you interested in	True
Find information about flushing.	are you looking for a specific web site	False
Tell me about source of the nile	would you like a list of rock and gem shows in 2018	False
Find information on French Lick Resort and Casino.	do you need information about a volvo dealership	False
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	are you interested in jobs at mayo clinic jacksonville fl	True
What is yahoo	what is the heart rate youre looking to achieve	False
Tell me about Pocono	when are you going to the pococnos	True
I'm interested in InuYasha	are you interested in playing ps 2 games on other consoles such as playstation 3 and playstation 4	False
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	do you want to know the size of culpeper national cemetery	True
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	are you looking for the records for culpeper national cemetary	True
all men are created equal	what else do you want to learn about the quote	True
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	are you referring to lymphoma in the eyes	False
Tell me more on health clubs in Arkansas	are you looking to reserve a space at the sherwood regional library	False
TV on computer	do you want to find online tv streaming services	True
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	are you interested in the size of the company	False
figs	are you looking for the cost	False
I'm interested in mothers day songs	would you like directions to local rock and gem shows	False
What can I do in sherwood regional library	do you want to know if martha stweart works for the company	False
Find me information on sat	do you need information about the san antonio international airport	True
Give me information on OCD.	are you looking for specific information related to parents of children with ocd	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	how would you like to lower your heart rate	False
tell me about cass county missouri	is there any important documents youre trying to access	True
How to register dmv in va?	are you interested in organ donation information	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	how much do you need to lower your heart rate	False
I'm interested in InuYasha	are you interested in the years inuyasha was shown in tv	True
Tell me about source of the nile	do you want to know what country the source is in	True
How should I use the septic system design	would like to know about any specific sports team	False
Tell me about fybromyalgia	would you like to buy semi truck	False
Tell me about black history.	are you interested in black history	True
What can I do in sherwood regional library	are you looking for a specific web site	False
tell me about cass county missouri	are you looking for a specific part of missouri	True
What is Fickle Creek Farm	which treatments are you looking for at mayo clinic jacksonville fl	False
tell me about iron	do you want to know how to craft tools made of iron	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	would you like to purchase a weather stripping product	False
all men are created equal	what else do you want to learn about the quote	True
Tell me about vines for shade.	which martha stewart and imclone television show episdoe are you looking for	False
tell me about uss yorktown charleston SC	do you want to know where the uss yorktown is currently located	True
I’m looking for information on worm	are you trying to find out what worms eat	True
Find information on raised gardens.	do you need instructions on how best products to use for growth	True
I'd like to learn about joints	do you have joint pain	True
tell me about rice?	do you want to know how to harvest rice	True
Tell me about texas border patrol.	would you like to know how many there are	True
How can one can become highway patrol	are you interested in how much a patrol officer makes per year	True
Where can I buy pressure washers?	are you looking for a place to buy pressure washer parts	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	have you talked to your doctor about heart rate	False
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	are you looking to subsitute butter and margarine	False
Give me espn sports information.	would you like to watch videos about how figs grow andor how to prepare them	False
Where can I buy pressure washers?	are you looking for a place to buy pressure washer parts	True
tell me about cass county missouri	do you have travel plans	True
Find information about the wall	are you interested in downloading the album the wall	True
tell me about ct jobs	what salary range are you looking for	True
Find information about flushing.	are you looking for a specific product in flushing queens	True
What to do in Arkansas	are you interested in barbados ecology	False
Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	do you want to know how to use it	True
Give me espn sports information.	do you want to know what channel espn is	True
What to do in Arkansas	are you interested in facts about barbados	False
figs	are you looking for the basics of septic system design	False
butter and margarine	are you looking for butter and margarine comparison	True
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	are you looking for payment information	False
tell me about idaho state flower	are you interested in where they grow	True
I need information on income tax return online	do you want to file your income tax online	True
Tell me about ps 2 games?	what types of ps 2 games do you like to play	True
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	do you want to know the city where the indiana state fairgrounds are located	True
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	are you looking for health facts of butter and mararine	False
I'm interested in dinosaurs	are you looking for meat eating or plant eating dinosaurs	True
I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	do you want reviews of the hp mini 2140	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	would you like to find foods that will lower your heart rate	False
Tell me about texas border patrol.	do you want to apply for a job here	True
Tell me about ps 2 games?	are you looking for stores to buy ps 2 games from	True
Tell me about vanuatu	are you looking for flights to vanuatu	True
tell me about rock and gem shows	are you looking for meat eating or plant eating dinosaurs	False
Tell me about avp	would you like to know what avp stands for	True
Tell me about scooters.	are you trying to build a scooter	True
I need information about the University of Phoenix.	do you need the website for the university of phoenix	True
What is yahoo	what is the heart rate youre looking to achieve	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	do you know someone named rick warren	True
I'm looking for information on hobby stores	will tihs hobby involve excercise equipment	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	do you want to know about the latest research in lymphoma in dogs	False
I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	do you need to know who the ceo of jax chemical company is	True
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	what are your requirments	True
TV on computer	do you want to know what sites you can watch tv on the computer at	True
When can I see Churchil Downs	are you interested in the racing schedule	True
How to cook pork tenderlion	are you interested in a pork recipe	True
What is yahoo	would you like to see inuyasha manga	False
How should I use the septic system design	are you looking for septic system design software	True
Find me information about PVC	what type of craft are you using the pvc for	True
Find me information on sat	do you want to take a sat prep class	True
Tell me about avp	are you referring to a specific company	True
Find information about flushing.	would you like to know about blushing	True
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	are you looking for a job in dutchess county in regards to tourism	False
Tell me about Pocono	what would you like to learn about the poconos	True
Find me information about PVC	would you like to know about premature ventricular contractions medical treatments	True
I’m looking for the music man.	do you want the contact info for alexian brothers hospital	False
Tell me more about HP mini 2140	do you want to buy a hp mini 2140	True
Find information about the sun.	are you looking for a history of solar eclipses	True
Tell me about kansas city mo	are you interested in learning if your credit report is safe	False
Tell me more on Kansas city railroad	are you looking for korean community services	True
Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	are you looking for reviews related to it	True
Tell me about avp	do you want to learn about our president	False
I'm looking for flame designs	do you want to know how male vs female avps in a company	False
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	would you like to know how to sign up for internet phone service	True
Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	do you want information about espn sports programming in languages other than english	False
what are continental plates	is there a specific representative you need information on thats written on the topic	True
I'm interested in dinosaurs	would you like to email the va dmv registration	False
What are specific dangers of asbestos?	would you like to know about the dangers of asbestos removal	True
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	are you wondering what causes sore throat	False
How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	are you looking for netflix	False
Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	are you looking for a specific web page	False
Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	are you needing to know what its used for	True
How should I use the septic system design	are you looking for the cost	True
where can I buy a trombone?	are you looking for a place to sell a used trombone	True
I'm looking for information on VLDL levels	would you like information on how to mitigate vldl levels	True
I'm looking for information on common schizophrenia drugs	are you wanting to know the most commonly used drugs	True
tell me about cass county missouri	are you looking for a specific part of missouri	True
tell me about ct jobs	is there any specific web page on your mind	True
tell me about diversity	in what setting do you need to know more about diversity	True
Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	the history of flame design	False
Find information about penguins.	would you like to buy some stuff related pittsburgh penguins	True
Find information about the secret garden.	are you interested in finding a local tattoo shop that does flame design	False
I'm looking for flame designs	do you need directions to your local vet	False
Find me information about the Last Supper painting.	would you like to purchase tickets to view the painting in milan	True
What is yahoo	how would you like to watch inuyasha episodes	False
I'm looking for universal animal cuts reviews	did you want to know if it was effective for different levels of weight	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	do you have any medical conditions	False
I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	are you interested in awards received by the band	True
I want to learn about rock art.	do you want locations of rock art	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	are you searching for the information in regard to lipoma symptoms	True
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	would you like to know more about throat cancer	False
How to change the toilet in the house	are you looking for specific products related to toilets	True
Tell me about Pocono	where in pocono are you interested in	True
what is the best long term care insurance	do you need direction to your new york hotel	False
Tell me about hotels in New York.	would you like to know about the process of disputing credit report	False
Tell me about black history.	are you interested in history in the united states	True
Tell me about Korean language.	are you looking for a specific web site	False
tell me about mgb	are you looking for pictures of the mgb	True
Tell me about fybromyalgia	are you looking for symptoms of fibromyalgia	True
Tell me about sonoma county medical services.	do you need addresses	True
Find me information about the sales tax in Illinois.	what info about the state tax are you looking for	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	are you looking for treatment options	False
I'm looking for information on VLDL levels	a total cholesterol of 180 to 200 mgdl 10 to 111 mmoll or less is considered best levels between 70 and 189 mgdl 39 and 105 mmoll are most often considered too high	True
tell me about iron	do you know about why its important to have iron in your diet	True
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	do you want to compare prices for website hosting and design	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	are you interested in a specific season of inuyasha	False
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	would you like to see some reviews	True
Child support in Indiana?	do you want to know about a specific indiana child support law	True
Tell me about Barbados.	what city in barbados are you interested in learning	True
Tell me about Korean language.	are you wondering who speaks the korean language	True
what are the popular jobs in Michigan	can i take you to the resource page at the michworks website	True
Tell me about ps 2 games?	diabetes education regarding children or adults	False
I'm looking for information on dieting	would you like to know more about dieting products for weight loss	True
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	are you looking for hunting guides	True
I'm looking for a wedding budget calculator	were you interested in a free or paid budget calculator	True
I'm looking for information about South Africa	do you want to know who the preesident of south africa is	True
I’m looking for the music man.	are you trying to find videos about the music man	True
I'm looking for information on dieting	would you like to read about different types of diet pills	True
What is yahoo	would any specific game interest you	False
discovery channel store	shall i open discovery channel store homepage	True
tell me about rice?	are you looking for rice university	True
where to find morel mushrooms	do you have a specific state in mind to search for mushrooms	True
Tell me about american military university.	would you like to know how to get to the american military university	True
butter and margarine	would you like to know how butter and margarine affect the food you eat	True
Find me information about diabetes education	are you interested in paid services	False
Tell me about designer dog breeds.	would you like to see some pictures of designer dog breeds	True
tell me about mgb	are you trying to find online reviews of mgb	True
Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	would you like to know different types of it	True
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	are you looking for the magazine the grilling	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	do you have any medical conditions	False
tell me about rice?	do you want to know the country where rice was created	True
tell me about dark chocolate health benefits	are you trying to loss weight	True
Find information about the secret garden.	would you like to know about where to purchase a wilson antenna	False
Tell me about Bellevue.	do you want to learn where to purchase fishing bait	False
What is yahoo	are you interested in a certain inuyasha character	False
What is equal opportunity employer?	do you want to know what being an equal opportunity employer means	True
Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	would you like to know the best way to clean a toilet	False
Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	are you interested in what services alexian brothers hospital offers	True
Tell me about Korean language.	are you interested in korean language degrees	True
I'm interested in mothers day songs	would you like to learn about rock and gem shows in oregon	False
Is Kenmore heater good	are you looking for a specific representative in relation to the company	False
What are signs of a heartattack?	are you interested in the best priced long term care insurance or best coverage	False
Tell me about ps 2 games?	who you be interested in becoming a diabetes educator	False
figs	would you like to know how it functions	False
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	are you interested in free websites or would you like your own domain	True
Find information about penguins.	are you looking for some photos	True
Tell me information about a sore throat.	are you wanting to know the illnesses that list sore throat as a symptom	True
Tell me about Neil Young.	do you want to find a certain song	True
Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	what information would you like in regards to an equal opportunity employer	False
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	are you looking for some statistics regarding the exposure of asbestos	False
tell me about rock and gem shows	would you like to know about rock and gem shows in washington	True
Tell me more about USA tax for annuity	would you like to purchase a indexed annuity	True
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	do you want information on the current us president	True
Tell me about atypical squamous cells	would you like the definition of atypical squamous cells	True
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	are you interested in the levels of dangers associated with asbsestos	False
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	what exactly do you wanto to know about the dangers of asbestos	False
Where can I find information about forearm pain?	do you have forearm pain from typing	True
tell me about rock and gem shows	would you like directions to local rock and gem shows	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	is your search referring to a condition of the neck	True
figs	do you want a single large lateral or multiple smaller laterals	False
What are the best recepies for grilling	are you interested in grilling equipment	True
Information about bobcat	are you interested in the evolution of bobcats	True
tell me about symptoms of mad cow disease in humans	which symptoms would you like to know about	True
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	are you looking for some statistics regarding the exposure of asbestos	False
What is martha stewart and imclone?	do you want information about espn sports programming in languages other than english	False
I'm looking for keyboard reviews	do yo want to know about keyboards internationally	True
I'm interested in InuYasha	would you like to know more about kagome higurashi	True
tell me about UNC	which unc are you interested in	True
I’m looking for blue throated hummingbird	do you want to find them in mexico or in the us	True
How to get organised?	which atari game system would you like to know about	False
Tell me about source of the nile	would you like to learn about rock and gem shows in oregon	False
I am looking for sources of used car parts.	are you interested in heavy trucks part	True
Information about bobcat	are you interested in knowing where bobcats are located geographically	True
I'm looking for information on duchess county tourism	did you want to know the amount of tourism dutchess county gets	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you looking for a specific product in flushing queens	False
I'd like to learn about moths	are you wondering where to find moths	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	would you like to find foods that will lower your heart rate	False
Find information on hip fractures	would you like information about installing weather stripping	False
tell me about cass county missouri	is there any important documents youre trying to access	True
what are continental plates	are you looking for continental plate boundaries	True
How to change the toilet in the house	what size is your toilet	True
Give me information on OCD.	are you interested in ocd in children	True
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	are you looking for doctors that treat sore throats	False
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	would you like to know how internet phone service works	True
tell me about ct jobs	are there specific jobs you are looking for	True
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	are you looking for a grill for grilling food	False
butter and margarine	are you looking for the brands of butter and margarine	True
Find information on Porterville.	would like to go hunting or fishing in arizona	False
Tell me about fybromyalgia	do you want information on treatments for fibromyalgia	True
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	is there a specific representative that you need contact information for	True
Where should I order dog clean-up bags	are you looking for a way to dispose your dog wast	True
butter and margarine	are you looking to use butter and margarine in baking	True
I'm looking for information about South Africa	would you like the history of south africa	True
tell me about cass county missouri	which neighborhood in cass county are you interested in	True
When can I see Churchil Downs	is there any specific race on your mind	True
Tell me about cell phones.	how much would you like to pay for a dog	False
I’m looking for information on worm	are you interested in korean language classes	False
I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	do you need the address or location for the company	False
What should I know about the civil war	are you looking for a confederate victory	True
Tell me more on Kansas city railroad	are you looking for information about computer viruses	False
How can I quick smoking	do you want information on how many people successfully quit smoking	True
discovery channel store	are you needing store information	True
Tell me about ps 2 games?	are you looking for diet information	False
I'm looking for flame designs	would you like to know the symptoms of a dog in heat	False
Tell me about Barbados.	are you referring to malignant lipolysis	False
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	are you looking for things to do near culpeper national cemetery	True
what are the popular jobs in Michigan	are you interested in visiting a secret garden	False
Find information about Mitchell College.	are you looking for a specific web site	False
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	are you looking to subsitute butter and margarine	False
all men are created equal	are you trying to look up the constitution	True
Tell me about ps 2 games?	which ps 2 game franchises are you interested in	True
What is Madagascar known for?	would you like to know about madagascar economy	True
I need information on income tax return online	do you want to know the status of your return	True
Tell me more about dnr	would you like to know how far barbados is	False
Tell me about Barbados.	would you like to find a plane ticket to barbados	True
Tell me more on health clubs in Arkansas	would like a review of arkadelphia health club	True
how to build a fence?	are you looking for things to do in bellevue	False
Which gps receiver I should buy	do you want to book a stay here	False
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	would you like to know where to buy one	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	are you looking for any specific pictures	False
Tell me about kansas city mo	are you interested in a list of companies in which you can get credit reports	False
Tell me about american military university.	are you looking for a specific web page	True
What is martha stewart and imclone?	do you want information about espn sports personalities	False
Tell me about designer dog breeds.	do you want to know what a designer dog breed is	True
Tell me more on health clubs in Arkansas	do you want to check out a certain book or see if it is available	False
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	how much data do you need stored	True
Is Kenmore heater good	is there a specific representative that you need contact information for	False
Tell me about vanuatu	do you want to know the population	True
all men are created equal	would you like to know the gettysburg address	True
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	do you want to know about reviews on the bowflex power pro	True
tell me about cass county missouri	which part of cass county are you referring to	True
How to get organised?	are you looking to organize your course work	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	do you want to know the cost of a gmat prep class	True
who invented music	would you like to know about inventions related to music	True
Find me information about the Ritz Carlton Lake Las Vegas.	are you looking for a specific web site	True
Tell me about er television show.	are you interested on when er tv show started	True
Tell me about ps 2 games?	are you looking for ps 2 games prices	True
tell me about cass county missouri	is there any important documents youre trying to access	True
What is yahoo	which inuyasha characters are you interested in	False
tell me about dark chocolate health benefits	did you need the nutritional value for dark chocolate	True
I'm interested in poker tournaments	are you looking for the world series of poker	True
Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	where in pocono are you interested in	False
Tell me about folk remedies for a sore throat.	do you want to know if doctors agree with a particular folk remedy for curing a sore throat	True
Find information about penguins.	are you looking for things to do in bellevue	False
tell me about bart sf	are you looking for transit routes to berkeley from bart sf	True
Tell me information about Volvo.	are you asking what year the company originated	True
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	what activities in dutchess county were you interested in	False
How to get organised?	are you interested in atari games or information about the brand	False
Looking for information about the Orange County Convention Center	are you looking for things to do around that area	True
I'm interested in mothers day songs	do you want to know more about the the curriculum	False
Tell me about Korean language.	do you need korean language classes	True
I need information about the University of Phoenix.	are you wanting directions to porterville	False
Tell me about Bellevue.	arey you conerned about someones face becoming red	False
Find information on Porterville.	are you wondering where porterville is	True
How should I use the septic system design	are you looking for hunting guides	False
Give me information about Titan.	are you interested in learning more about mythological titans	True
I'm looking for a wedding budget calculator	did you want something online that does calculations for you	True
What to do in Arkansas	do you need to know the next arkansas game time	True
How can I view my internet history?	would you also like to delete your history	True
I’m interested in civil right movement	do you want to know if there are current civil rights movements	True
What is yahoo	do you want dietary recommendations	False
Tell me about source of the nile	are you looking for information about upcoming rock and gem shows	False
figs	would you like to know what figs taste like	True
Information about raffles	are you looking for a car raffles in your area	True
Is Kenmore heater good	are you looking for any specific facilities	False
Tell me about sonoma county medical services.	are you interested in the human services department	True
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	do you need the address or location for the company	True
Tell me more about satilies	are you interested in learning more about satellite phones or radio	True
Give me air travel information.	do you need to find out about airport weather delays	True
tell me about tangible personal property tax	do you want to know what channel espn is	False
I'm looking for information on duchess county tourism	are you interested in satellite maps	False
I need information about the University of Phoenix.	do you want to find a restaurant or store here	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	are you referring to a crazy person	False
tell me about rock and gem shows	would you like a list of rock and gem shows in 2019	True
Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	do you want information about espn sports personalities	False
Tell me more on Kansas city railroad	are you interested in pictures of worms	False
Give me information on OCD.	are you looking for a definition of ocd	True
map	which nile are you interested in learning about	False
tell me about ct jobs	do you want to know more about jobs in connecticut	True
I'm looking for information on common schizophrenia drugs	do you want to know how to get prescribed the most common schizophrenic drug	True
Tell me about cell phones.	what breed of dog are you looking for	False
tell me about mgb	are you looking for parts for the mgb	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	which battle would you like to learn about how the technique of flushing was used	False
how to build a fence?	are you trying to build a specific kind of fence	True
Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	have you got any specific question regarding furniture size	True
all men are created equal	would you like to know its interpretation by the us supreme court	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	are you wanting to see videos by the pastor	True
How to change the toilet in the house	would you like a new toilet	True
figs	what variety of figs are you interested in	True
Tell me about Pocono	is there any specific information that you need about online courses held by university of phoenix	False
figs	would you like to know where you can buy figs	True
Tell me about Korean language.	are you wondering who speaks the korean language	True
Find Brooks Brothers clearance.	do you need to find a brooks brothers location	True
tell me about symptoms of mad cow disease in humans	which part of the body are you interested in	True
Find information on French Lick Resort and Casino.	do you want to know how old rick warren is	False
Tell me about avp	are you referring to a software	True
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	are you seeking an event calendar for dutchess county	False
What is average charitable donation?	would you be interested in local regional national or international news regarding the average charitable donation	True
Find information about the gs pay rate	would you like to know about its apperance	False
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	is your search referring to a condition of the neck	True
I'm interested in InuYasha	are you interested in a certain inuyasha character	True
I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	would you like a history of the band	True
I'm interested in poker tournaments	would you like a schedule of poker tournaments	True
what are the seven deadly sins	is there one in particular you are interested in	True
What is yahoo	are you interested in the music from inuyasha	False
How can one can become highway patrol	did you want to be informed as to whre the tennesse highway patrol academy is located	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	do you want to know about worm castings	False
all men are created equal	who are you interested in learning about who has that quote attributed to them	True
How to register dmv in va?	would you like hours for va dmv registration	True
Tell me about cell phones.	what brand of cell phones are you interested in	True
Give me information about Titan.	are you referring to the watch brand	True
Where can I buy pressure washers?	do you want a pressure washer with a certain engine	True
I'm looking for keyboard reviews	are you needing wireless or wired keyboard reviews	True
Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	would you like to know more about geothermal activities at yellowstone national park	True
Find me information on sat	what would you like to schedule for saturday	True
Tell me about fybromyalgia	which part of volvo are you interested in	False
What to do in Arkansas	are you looking for weather in arkansas	True
Tell me information about computer programming.	are you interested in coding courses online	True
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	is it for a blog or for online retail	True
Child support in Indiana?	do you owe child support in indiana	True
tell me about tangible personal property tax	are you interested in a specific aspect of uplift at yellowstone national park	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	are you looking for a specific web page	True
I am looking for sources of used car parts.	are you looking for a specific web site	True
tell me about evidence for evolution	does the evidence have to be factual	True
I’m looking for information on worm	do you want to find out about the animal worm or a why a person is called a worm	True
I’m looking for information on worm	are you looking for information on the life cycle of worms	True
I'm looking for information on duchess county tourism	did you want to know about the dutchess county tourism center	True
Where should I order dog clean-up bags	how many dog lean up bags were you wanting to purchase	True
Information about raffles	would you like to know more about sir stamford raffles	True
How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	what about an interview do you need help with	True
Find me information on sat	do you want to take a sat prep class	True
Tell me more on Kansas city railroad	are you looking for information on the life cycle of worms	False
Tell me about avp	what year do you want to know the president for	False
What are specific dangers of asbestos?	are you interested in the levels of dangers associated with asbsestos	True
what are the popular jobs in Michigan	are you interested in more about the company	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	do you need help finding a vet that treats lymphoma in dogs	False
Tell me about avp	do you want to know about a management position	True
how to hire disc jockey	do you need to book a dj for an event	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	would you like to know more about kagome higurashi	False
Give me espn sports information.	are you looking for standings of a specific sport	True
Tell me about ps 2 games?	do you want to find some resoutces	False
Tell me about vanuatu	are you looking for anything specific of a tv show	True
Find information on Porterville.	do you need information about medical services	True
Tell me information about computer programming.	do you need any specific information about its job market	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	would you like to know where you can get cpr certified	False
how to hire disc jockey	are you wondering if there has been a recall notice	False
Tell me about Korean language.	vldl and ldl are both considered types of bad cholesterol	False
Tell me about avp	do you want an acronym meanining for avp	True
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	would you like to know the address of mayo clinic jacksonville fl	True
Find information about atari	are you interested in different brands of elliptical trainer	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	are you planning to run or exercise	False
Tell me about er television show.	are you interested in summaries of episodes of er tv show	True
Find information about flushing.	what flushing are you interested in toilet or facial	True
Find me information about diabetes education	are you searching for prevention tools	True
Tell me information about a sore throat.	are you wondering what causes sore throat	True
Tell me bio of george bush sr.	would you like to know how long george bush sr was president	True
Tell me information about Volvo.	which model of volvo are you interested in getting information about	True
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	which internet phone service providers are you interested in	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	are you looking for reviews of gmat prep classes	True
I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	are you trying to know the warranty period of hp mini 2140	False
Tell me more about dnr	are you interested in dnr stock	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	would you like to know what a conficker is	False
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	are you trying to determine whats a safe amount of iron in your blood	False
Find me information about the sales tax in Illinois.	would you like know who collects illinois state tax	True
Give me air travel information.	are you looking for more info on air travel in general or a specific flight	True
How to change the toilet in the house	are you looking for toilet cleaners	True
Tell me about kansas city mo	are you interested in visiting kansas city	True
What is equal opportunity employer?	would you like to know more about its history	False
what are the popular jobs in Michigan	can we show you reviews of the original classic book the secret garden	False
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you looking for bellevue baptist church	True
I want to learn about rock art.	do you want locations of rock art	True
Child support in Indiana?	do you want wording of child support laws	True
I want to learn about rock art.	are you going to purchase any specific tools	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	are you looking for treatment options	False
How to register dmv in va?	do you want to obtain forms from the dmv	True
Tell me more about dnr	are you interested in visiting barbados	False
Tell me about ps 2 games?	are you referring to playstation 2 games	True
Tell me about Barbados.	are you interested in barbados flag	True
What are signs of a heartattack?	would you like to know about early signs of a heart attack	True
Find me information about the Last Supper painting.	do you want to know who painted the last supper painting	True
How can one can become highway patrol	are you interested to fill a survey for them	True
I'm interested in dinosaurs	would you like the phone numbers to the va dmv registration	False
Find information on ontario california airport.	do you know how long your trip will be	True
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	are you interested in a specific brand of cell phone	False
Tell me about designer dog breeds.	do you want to know what a designer dog breed is	True
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	are you looking for gas grill instruction	False
I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	are you interested in organ donation information	False
What are the best recepies for grilling	do you want to know how much dnr costs	False
where can I buy a trombone?	what area are you asking about	False
Find information about flushing.	would you like directions to flushing new york	True
Find information about elliptical trainer	would you like to know your gps coordinates	False
What are signs of a heartattack?	are you interested in getting a quote for coverage	False
Find information about Mitchell College.	would you like information about the association of volleyball professionals	False
Tell me about the sit and reach test.	do you want general information about the test	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	would you like to see notable residents of bellevue washington	True
Tell me about avp	would you like information about the association of volleyball professionals	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	would you like to find exercises to lower your heart rate	False
I need information on income tax return online	what aspect of pvc are you interested in the manufacturing or the applications	False
to be or not to be that is the question	do you want to know the meaning of the quote	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	when do you want to take a gmat prep class	True
Tell me about fybromyalgia	do you want information on treatments for fibromyalgia	True
Find Brooks Brothers clearance.	are you looking to buy a suit	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	would you like to watch an inuyasha movie	False
What is Fickle Creek Farm	are you looking for specific information regarding fickle creek farm	True
Find information on Porterville.	are you wondering where porterville is	True
How can I adopt a dog	what breed of dogs are you looking for	True
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	would you like to know the address of mayo clinic jacksonville fl	True
Tell me about Obama family tree.	are you looking for specific program information	False
Tell me about american military university.	were you interested in applying to the american military university or just recieving an informational brochure	True
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	are you referring to a food stamp program that is current or a historical one	False
Tell me more about us presidents	did you want the middle name of a particular president	True
I’m looking for information on worm	are you looking for information about hangul	False
Tell me more about HP mini 2140	what type of problem are you having with the hp mini 2140	True
Find information about tornadoes	would you like historic information	True
I'm looking for information on duchess county tourism	do you want a map with driving directions	False
Tell me about black history.	do you want to know major landmark dates	True
Tell me about Barbados.	are you interested in the history of barbados	True
Tell me about ps 2 games?	what is the most you are willing to spend on a ps 2 game	True
Tell me about Barbados.	what city in barbados are you interested in learning	True
how to hire disc jockey	do you need recommendations for djs	True
Where can I find information about forearm pain?	do you have forearm pain when extending your arm	True
Find information on hip fractures	do you need info on remedies	True
Find information about elliptical trainer	are you looking for a suitable elliptical machine to use at home	True
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	do you want to get a hunting or fishing license in arizona	True
I’m interested in civil right movement	what would you like to know about the civil right movement	True
I’m looking for the music man.	are you looking for lyrics from the songs from the music man	True
Information about bobcat	would you like to know the location of the headquarters of the company bobcat	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	are you referring to the author	True
What are characteristics of Uranus	are you wondering the size of uranus	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you looking for directions to bellevue	True
Information about east ridge high school.	are you searching for east ridge high school football schedule	True
Tell me about ron howard.	what would you like to know about his family	True
Find information about penguins.	are you looking for a hospital in new york ny	False
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	are you looking for an application on this topic	False
Tell me about Pocono	have you been to the poconos before	True
what are the popular jobs in Michigan	what kind of media are you interested in there are many videos and still frames of the secret garden from its movies plays tv musical and opera productions	False
Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	would you like more information of the course of the yellowstone volcano and the different hypothesizes scientest have	True
all men are created equal	would you like to know more about the declaration of independence	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	what flushing are you interested in toilet or facial	False
Information about bobcat	would you like to know the habitat of the bobcat	True
tell me about tangible personal property tax	what is the tax rate for the state you are in	True
tell me about wilson antenna	are you interested in the ranking of mitchell college	False
tell me about diversity	do you need information on financial diversity	True
how to build a fence?	are you looking for the college	False
Tell me about black history.	do you want to know about a specific person	True
I'm looking for keyboard reviews	do you just want to rated keyboards	True
How do I get my free annual credit report?	are you interested in a list of companies in which you can get credit reports	True
I'm looking for a wedding budget calculator	are you interested in a service for wedding budgeting	True
Tell me about of Ralph Owen Brester.	do you feel unprepared for the gmat test	False
Tell me about er television show.	do you want to know what channel er tv show is on	True
Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	what type of toilet are you looking for	False
Tell me more about dnr	are you interested in the medical term dnr	True
all men are created equal	would you like to learn more about thomas jefferson	True
tell me about iron	are you looking for any legal information	False
I'm interested in InuYasha	how many ps 2 games are you looking to buy	False
tell me about dark chocolate health benefits	what brand of dark chocolate are you referring to	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you interested in knowing more about a computer worm	False
figs	are you interested in schools in poterville	False
Which gps receiver I should buy	woud you like to know the many uses of gps	True
tell me about rock and gem shows	are you looking for meat eating or plant eating dinosaurs	False
What are signs of a heartattack?	are you looking for a specific insurance company	False
what is the best long term care insurance	what area of the country do you live in	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	do you want to see cookbooks for grilling	True
What are signs of a heartattack?	are you interested in history in the united states	False
I'm looking for flame designs	are you looking for flame design tracers	True
tell me about iron	are you looking for homes or demographic information	False
Tell me about ps 2 games?	would you like to see a list of new released ps2 games	True
What is martha stewart and imclone?	would you like to know what more about the history of martha stewart and imclone	True
What is Madagascar known for?	are you looking for tourist attractions in madagascar	True
Tell me about Barbados.	are you looking for nearby medical practices that treat the condition	False
How should I use the septic system design	are you looking for a hotel near porterville	False
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	are you looking for the history of butter and margarine	False
When can I see Churchil Downs	are you interested in a schedule of events from churchill downs	True
What is Fickle Creek Farm	are you looking for information about staying at fickle creek farm	True
tell me about ct jobs	are you interested in where penguins live	False
Find sewing instructions for me	are you looking for sewing patterns	True
Information about east ridge high school.	would you like to see trombones for beginners	False
What are signs of a heartattack?	would you like to know how to prevent these signs	True
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	do you feel unprepared for the gmat test	False
tell me about ct jobs	do you want to watch funny penguin videos	False
how to build a fence?	are you looking for a hospital in new york ny	False
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	are you referring to the specific company	True
Tell me about vines for shade.	would you like to know cheap ways to grow vines	True
tell me about rice?	do you want to know how rice is grown	True
I want to learn about rock art.	do you want pictures of rock art	True
Tell me about Barbados.	are you interested in barbados	True
Tell me about avp	do you want to know the term length of a us president	False
How do I get my free annual credit report?	are you wanting a copy of your credit report	True
I'm looking for flame designs	are you looking for flame design tracers	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	would you like to find exercises to lower your heart rate	False
How to cook pork tenderlion	do you need to know how long to cook pork tenderloin	True
map	do you want themed maps	True
Information about east ridge high school.	would like a review of arkadelphia health club	False
What is California Franchise Tax Board	would you like to know how to become a dj	False
what are the popular jobs in Michigan	do you need help navigating the website	True
How can I quick smoking	are you looking for side effects of quitting smoking	True
tell me about iron	are you looking for jobs in the state of conneticut	False
Tell me more about satilies	are you interested in learning more about satellite phones or radio	True
Where can I find cheap internet	are you interested in lowcost internet providers	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	do you need to know how to trun a grill on	True
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	would you like to learn more about how to exercise with the bowflex power pro	True
I'd like to learn about moths	are you wondering where to find moths	True
I'm looking for flame designs	do you need directions to your local vet	False
Find information on Porterville.	are you looking for the magazine the grilling	False
TV on computer	do you want to know technical information about tv on computer	True
tell me about uss yorktown charleston SC	what historic period would you like information pertaining to	True
I’m looking for blue throated hummingbird	do you want to find them in mexico or in the us	True
how to hire disc jockey	do you want to buy some parts for this equipment	False
I'm looking for information on duchess county tourism	would you like a map with services or sites of interest listed	False
I'm interested in InuYasha	are you interested in inuyasha cosplay	True
Tell me about the sit and reach test.	are you looking for information on how its scored	True
Find information about flushing.	would you like to see diagrams of how a toilet flushes	True
What is von Willebrand Disease?	are you interested in learning about treatments for von willebrand disease	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	what size are you looking for	False
tell me about ct jobs	do you want to know the average salary in this state	True
Tell me about fybromyalgia	are you looking for a medication to adress the symptoms	True
I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	do you want a jax chemical company coupon	True
Find information about elliptical trainer	how big do you want your dog	False
tell me about iron	are you trying to determine whats a safe amount of iron in your blood	True
I'm interested in mothers day songs	are you looking for a specific mothers day song	True
I'm interested in poker tournaments	do you want to play in online poker tournaments	True
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	would you like to know irons atomic number or mass	False
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	are you interested in the farm fresh tours	False
Tell me about Pocono	have you been to the poconos before	True
Find me information about the sales tax in Illinois.	do you want to read articles about the tax rate or know the tax rate percentage	True
What is yahoo	are you interested in the years inuyasha was shown in tv	False
Tell me about hotels in New York.	do you need help finding your new york hotel	True
I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	are you looking for a specific web page	True
What to do in Arkansas	which city in arkansas are you interested in	True
Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	would you like to see the retailers selling it	True
Find information about flushing.	would you like to file your income tax return online	False
Tell me about the sit and reach test.	do you need instructions to do the test	True
map	which part of the river are you more interested in	False
Information about bobcat	would you like to know the habitat of the bobcat	True
I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	do you need contact information	True
Find information about the wall	are you interested in building a home	True
Tell me about Barbados.	are you interested in the history of barbados	True
tell me about rock and gem shows	would you like a list of rock and gem shows in 2019	True
Tell me about of Ralph Owen Brester.	would you like to know what political party ralph owen brewster was affiliated with	True
What is yahoo	are you looking for specific fanrelated information	False
Find me information about the sales tax in Illinois.	would you like to know when the illinois state tax is due	True
Tell me about texas border patrol.	do you want to report an incident	True
Tell me about hotels in New York.	would you like to know more about free credit reports	False
tell me about iron	do you want to watch funny penguin videos	False
butter and margarine	would you like to see recipes with butter and margarine	True
Tell me about weather stripping	do you want to learn how to install weater strips on windows	True
Tell me about of Ralph Owen Brester.	would you like to know about brewsters college education degree and work history	True
Find information about flushing.	are you looking for a dictionary	False
tell me about idaho state flower	do you want to see images of the idaho state flower	True
figs	are you interested in recipes you can make with figs fresh or dried	True
where can I buy a trombone?	would you like to see trombones for sale on ebay	True
I am looking for sources of used car parts.	are you looking for used car parts from a particular period of time	True
How to cook pork tenderlion	would you like to make a rub for pork tenderloin	True
tell me about wilson antenna	what do you want to use the antenna for	True
Find information on French Lick Resort and Casino.	are you interested in the size of the company	False
Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	do you need information on how to install a toilet	False
Tell me about er television show.	do you want to know who the main actor is in er tv show	True
Find information about elliptical trainer	are you looking for gps accessories	False
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	do you need information on the speeds available in your area	True
Find me information about the Last Supper painting.	woud you like to know about last supper reproductions	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	do you want to know about the symptoms of lymphoma in dogs	False
What is equal opportunity employer?	would you like to read some reviews about american military university	False
tell me about rock and gem shows	would you like to see pictures or videos of dinosaurs	False
Tell me about Korean language.	are you interested in korean language classes	True
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	do you want to move to dutchess county	False
Tell me about ps 2 games?	are you wanting to find a class on the education of the disease of diabetes	False
How to get organised?	are you wanting help with what to do to get organized in your home	True
Tell me about weather stripping	would you like to know more about sliding glass doors	True
Find information about Mitchell College.	do you want to know when the next semester starts at mitchell college	True
Tell me about weather stripping	are you interested in black history	False
Information about bobcat	are you intereted in the diet of bobcats	True
Find information on hip fractures	do you want to learn how to install weather strips on doors	False
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	do you want information on the current us president	True
How to change the toilet in the house	would you like to know about different types of toilets	True
Info on dog heat?	are you looking for any specific heatrelated illness in dogs	True
I'm interested in InuYasha	are you looking to organize your course work	False
Tell me about american military university.	would you like to see their homepage	False
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	would you like to see how these fats effect human arteries	False
Tell me about er television show.	do you want to know what channel er tv show is on	True
Tell me more about satilies	are you interested in learning more about satellite phones or radio	True
Find information about the secret garden.	is the secret garden a book you are interested in	True
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	do you have a preference of the casino in french lick	False
Find information about penguins.	will this be used as a animal pen	False
TV on computer	would you like to know where to buy one	False
What is yahoo	do you want to know how yahoo is performing as a business	True
Find information about tornadoes	are you wondering how to spot a tornado	True
I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	do you need the address of east ridge high school	False
What is martha stewart and imclone?	do you want to know who owns the company imclone	True
I'm looking for keyboard reviews	would you like to know reviews for the best electronic keyboard	True
how to hire disc jockey	are you looking for djs in your area	True
Find information about the secret garden.	would you want to buy flame design stickers	False
Tell me about Neil Young.	do you want information on his death	True
How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	do you want tips on how to be successful in an interview	True
Find information on raised gardens.	what specific supply would you like to buy for your raised garden	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	arey you conerned about someones face becoming red	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	have you talked to your doctor about heart rate	False
Tell me about Pocono	do you want to know the cost of attending the university of phoenix	False
How to register dmv in va?	do you want to renew a drivers license	True
Find information about penguins.	are you looking bellevue square mall	False
tell me about tangible personal property tax	what would you like to know about uplift	False
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	are you looking for irons melting point	False
Information about east ridge high school.	do you want to knwo vest vines for shade	False
I'm looking for universal animal cuts reviews	why are you looking to add supplements to your diet	True
Tell me about Korean language.	are you looking for information about hangul	True
Find me information about the sales tax in Illinois.	do you want to know where your refund is or know the tax rate	True
I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	do you want to know about the latest research in lymphoma in dogs	True
I'm interested in InuYasha	are you looking for ps 2 adventure games	False
Tell me about sonoma county medical services.	would you like to know the address of mayo clinic jacksonville fl	False
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you interested in pictures of worms	False
how to hire disc jockey	would you like to know the history of culpeper national cemetary	False
what are the popular jobs in Michigan	is the secret garden a book you are interested in	False
I'm interested in InuYasha	how many ps 2 games are you looking to buy	False
Tell me about black history.	are you interested in hallmark visitors center	False
tell me about rice?	are you looking for a specific type of rice	True
tell me about cass county missouri	is there any specific information that you are looking for	True
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	would you like to request an appointment	True
tell me about ct jobs	are you interested in the common jobs in connecticut	True
tell me about rock and gem shows	are you looking for a specific dinosaur	False
How to get organised?	would you like to know how to reduce clutter	True
where to find morel mushrooms	which portion of the united states are you looking at	True
What is equal opportunity employer?	are you looking for a specific web page	True
Find information on ontario california airport.	would you like to hear departure times for ontario california airport	True
tell me about ct jobs	what kind of trade are you looking for	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	are you planning to run or exercise	False
Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	do you want to buy it online	True
tell me about rock and gem shows	what kind of information do you need about rock and gem shows	True
Tell me about sonoma county medical services.	are you looking for contact information	True
what are the popular jobs in Michigan	are you searching for workers for your company	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you referring to bellevue iowa	True
what are the popular jobs in Michigan	are you looking for a garden in you area	False
tell me about cass county missouri	are you looking for a specific part of missouri	True
how to build a fence?	are you trying to build a specific kind of fence	True
tell me about cass county missouri	is there any specific information that you are looking for	True
What is Fickle Creek Farm	have you been to this clinic before	False
What is Fickle Creek Farm	do you want to know the location of fickle creek farm	True
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	are you looking for lab jobs	True
What are specific dangers of asbestos?	what exactly do you wanto to know about the dangers of asbestos	True
Find information about penguins.	will this be used as a animal pen	False
Tell me more about HP mini 2140	what type of problem are you having with the hp mini 2140	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	would you like to see a list of new released ps2 games	False
How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	would you like to know how to watch tv on your computer	False
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	what tourist spots are you looking for in dutchess county	False
tell me about wilson antenna	do you have a specific purpose for the antenna	True
Information about raffles	would you like to book a room in raffles hotel in dubai	True
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	what aspect of website desgin hosting are you interested in	True
Information about east ridge high school.	are you looking for a second hand music store near you	False
Tell me about designer dog breeds.	do you want to know if designer dog breeds are healthier than purebreds	True
Tell me information about a sore throat.	would you like to see pictures of a sore throat	True
Tell me about hotels in New York.	do you need direction to your new york hotel	True
Find condos in Florida.	are you looking to buy or lease	True
Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	have you got any specific question regarding furniture size	True
How can I adopt a dog	are you looking for topics related to bathroom health	False
What is yahoo	would you like to know why its important to lower your heart rate	False
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	would you like an unlocked phone	False
How to get organised?	are you interested in buying a new atari game console	False
Is Kenmore heater good	what size are you looking for	True
How to change the toilet in the house	do you need to repair your toilet	True
Tell me more about satilies	are you looking for history of the satellite radio systems	True
How can one can become highway patrol	would you like to know more about their responsibilities	True
I’m looking for the music man.	what location of alexian brothers hospital do you want to know about	False
map	do you have map apps on your phone	True
tell me about iron	do you want to know how to craft tools made of iron	True
Tell me about Korean language.	do you wish to take a korean language test	True
Tell me about american military university.	would you be interested in learning more about the history of the american military university	True
Find information about elliptical trainer	would you like to how to adopt a dog	False
I'm looking for information on VLDL levels	would you like information about cholesterol reports	True
Tell me about american military university.	would you like to read some reviews about american military university	True
Give me information about Titan.	are you referring to the monster from the final fantasy series	True
Looking for information about the Orange County Convention Center	are you looking for events	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	are you interested in the medical term dnr	False
Which gps receiver I should buy	are you looking for instructions on how to use your gps device	True
I'd like to learn about joints	are you speaking about the human body or a mechanical part	True
Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	what makes people think the yellowstone volcano will erupt soon	True
How do I get my free annual credit report?	may i provide you a list of best credit reporting agencies	True
Find condos in Florida.	what other features are you looking for in a condo	True
Tell me about Barbados.	are you interested in barbados ecology	True
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	what brand of cell phones are you interested in	False
I’m looking for information on worm	do you want to know about worms in dogs	True
Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	would you like the instructions for electronic skeet shoot	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	are you looking for arkansas history	False
I'd like to learn about joints	are you experiencing joint issues	True
Find information about Mitchell College.	are you looking for information on mitchell college in connecticut	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	do you need information on the prognosis of lymphoma in dogs	False
Tell me about Korean language.	are you looking for a dictionary	True
I'm looking for information on dieting	would you like to read about different types of diet pills	True
map	are you traveling	True
I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	are you referring to lymphoma in the mouth	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	would you like to know what causes lipoma tumors	True
How to register dmv in va?	are you looking for physical locations of dmv offices	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	are you interested in playing ps 2 games on other consoles such as playstation 3 and playstation 4	False
Tell me about hotels in New York.	would you like a list of new york hotels	True
Find information about the secret garden.	would you like to read some reviews of wilson antennas	False
What is yahoo	are you looking for any specific pictures	False
tell me about iron	do you want to know more about jobs in connecticut	False
Information about bobcat	are you looking for a specific web site	True
Tell me about Barbados.	would you like to know where barbados is	True
tell me about bart sf	are you looking for transit routes to walnut creek from bart sf	True
What is yahoo	are you referring to the search engine	True
I'm looking for information on VLDL levels	what age range would you like to see recommended vldl levels for	True
I am looking for sources of used car parts.	would you like to know maore about getting the best used car parts	True
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	would you like to see recipes with butter and margarine	False
Find sewing instructions for me	how experienced are you at sewing	True
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	do you want to know how to use the bowflex power pro	True
Tell me more about HP mini 2140	do you want to read reviews of hp mini 2140	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	are you referring to a medical condition for your pet	True
When can I see Churchil Downs	is there any specific race on your mind	True
How can one can become highway patrol	do you want to know if the tennessee highway patrol has reported any accidents	True
Information about raffles	are you interested in raffles hotels and resorts	True
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	are you interested in grilling equipment	False
I’m interested in old coins	is there a coin dealer near you	True
butter and margarine	do you want a map with driving directions	False
Find me information about PVC	are you looking to buy pvc pipe	True
Which gps receiver I should buy	what brand of gps device are you looking for	True
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	are you looking for information related to tourism	False
Tell me about atypical squamous cells	do you want to learn about atypical squamous cells in a pap smear	True
figs	are you interested in a standard gravity type of design 3 feet of absorbant soil	False
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	would you like things to do to soothe a sore throat	False
map	do you want a map with driving directions	True
Information about raffles	are you interested in buying tickets to a raffle	True
tell me about tangible personal property tax	would you like more information of the course of the yellowstone volcano and the different hypothesizes scientest have	False
What to do in Arkansas	do you want to move to arkansas	True
Find information about penguins.	would you like to buy a book about this topic	True
Find information on French Lick Resort and Casino.	are you referring to the author	False
I want to learn about rock art.	do you wnat to decorate with rock art	True
Find information on Porterville.	do you want to get a hunting or fishing license in arizona	False
map	are you interested in the origin of the nile	False
How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	do you want tips on how to be successful in an interview	True
Tell me information about computer programming.	are you looking for information on different computer programming languages	True
I’m looking for the music man.	which hospital facility are you look for	False
What to do in Arkansas	would you like to read about colleges in arkansas	True
Information about east ridge high school.	are you looking for east ridge high school in woodbury mn	True
Tell me about avp	are you looking for a certain store location	False
I need information about the University of Phoenix.	are you wondering where porterville is	False
Tell me about Bellevue.	do you want to know facts about the creature worm	False
Information about raffles	would you like to know more about sir stamford raffles	True
What is martha stewart and imclone?	do you want to know about special events on espn	False
What are specific dangers of asbestos?	are you interested in asnestos exposure	True
tell me about bart sf	do you need to purchase a bart ticket	True
I'm looking for universal animal cuts reviews	would you like to see the top reviews for universal animal cuts	True
Tell me about vines for shade.	do you want to know if you can grow vines in shade	True
Find sewing instructions for me	would you like instructions on how to use a sewing machine	True
tell me about ct jobs	are you looking for a specific web page	False
What is California Franchise Tax Board	is there a certain type of dj you are looking for	False
How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	would you like to know who are buried at culpeper national cemetery	False
How to change the toilet in the house	are you looking for information on the music man musical	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	do you want to access yahoo mail	False
How should I use the septic system design	do you need information about medical services	False
discovery channel store	are you looking for the current president of the united states	False
I need information about the University of Phoenix.	would like to know about any specific sports team	False
How can I adopt a dog	would you like to see local spca or humane societies	True
Find information about the secret garden.	do you have questions about the wilson antenna warrenty	False
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	are you wanting to visit this hospital because of a friend or family	True
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	what are your requirments	True
Tell me more on health clubs in Arkansas	would you like to take a zuma class at arkadelphia health club	True
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	are you interested in different brands of elliptical trainer	False
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	are you looking to use butter and margarine in baking	False
I'm looking for information on common schizophrenia drugs	are you interested in the side effects of the common schizophrenia drugs	True
Find information about elliptical trainer	are you interested in different brands of elliptical trainer	True
Which gps receiver I should buy	are you wondering where disneyland hotels are located	False
I'm interested in poker tournaments	do you want to know who won the last world series of poker	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	do you want to know facts about the creature worm	False
What is martha stewart and imclone?	would you like to know what more about the history of martha stewart and imclone	True
Tell me information about computer programming.	do you any specific information about computer science degree program	True
Find information about atari	which atari game system would you like to know about	True
Find me information about diabetes education	are you searching for prevention tools	True
Tell me more about dnr	do you want to know the legality of dnr	True
I need information about the University of Phoenix.	are you looking for a contact number for the city government	False
I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	are you looking for specific courses	True
I'm looking for information about South Africa	are you interested in going to south africa	True
Where can I find cheap internet	are you looking for any bundles or deals	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	do you want to know more about the grilling process	True
Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	are you referring to a federally funded food stamp program or one that is funded by the state government	True
Give me espn sports information.	do you want information about which sports espn covers	True
tell me about iron	are you looking for a list of foods that are a good source of iron	True
tell me about tangible personal property tax	may i tell you the numnber of earthquakes recorded in the past month in the yellowstone area	False
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	would you like to see an instruction manual	True
I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	are you looking for specific courses	True
I want to learn about rock art.	are you looking for examples of rock art	True
I’m looking for the music man.	do you need an address	False
Find me information about diabetes education	are you interested in an online site for diabetes	True
tell me about dark chocolate health benefits	do you think of the reason to have dark chocolate	True
Tell me about ps 2 games?	is the ps 2 games for a child or an adult	True
Find information on French Lick Resort and Casino.	are you looking for casinos near french lick resort	True
Is Kenmore heater good	do you want to compare different models	True
Find information about Mitchell College.	are you interested in a specific web page	True
Find me information about PVC	are you looking for methods on how to repair leaks in pvc pipe	True
Find information about tornadoes	are you interested in tornado safety	True
Tell me about er television show.	are you interested in summaries of episodes of er tv show	True
Tell me about Neil Young.	are you looking for neil young tour dates	True
Find information about the secret garden.	do you want realistic or cartoonish designs	False
How to prepare for the GMAT?	would you like to know what distinguishes gmat from gre	True
Find sewing instructions for me	would you like to know how to sew on a button	True
Information about bobcat	are you interested in american bobcats	True
Find me information about PVC	what aspect of pvc are you interested in the manufacturing or the applications	True
I'm interested in InuYasha	are you interested in a specific season of inuyasha	True
Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	are you looking for reviews related to it	True
Information about east ridge high school.	are you searching for east ridge high school football schedule	True
Give me information about Titan.	are you referring to titan the moon of saturn	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	what is the heart rate youre looking to achieve	False
Find information on ontario california airport.	would you like to book a hotel there	True
What is martha stewart and imclone?	do you want to know if this is the company martha stewart went to jail for	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	do you want dietary recommendations	False
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	would you like to learn more about how to exercise with the bowflex power pro	True
What is yahoo	are you interested in inuyasha wiki activity	False
Tell me about fybromyalgia	do you need mediciation for fibromyalgia	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	do you need any specific information on obama inauguration	True
Give me information about Titan.	do you want to know about the tennessee titans	True
Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	would you like to know more about what would occur if the supervolcano underneath yellowstone national park errupted	True
what are the popular jobs in Michigan	can i take you to the resource page at the michworks website	True
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	what aspect of website desgin hosting are you interested in	True
How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	are you interested in interview thank you letters	True
Find me information about diabetes education	are you looking for diet information	True
tell me about evidence for evolution	are you asking about the evolution of plants or animals	True
How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	are you preparing to conduct an interview or go to an interview	True
I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	do you know anything about the law	True
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	are you interested in grilling a specefic food	False
Find information about elliptical trainer	would you like to see reviews on elliptical trainers	True
tell me about rock and gem shows	are you interested in home decor items that are dinosaur related	False
Where can I buy pressure washers?	are you looking to rent a pressure washer	True
What is average charitable donation?	are you looking for a comparison graph of average charitable donations	True
tell me about idaho state flower	do you need to know all of the locations for french lick resort and casino	False
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	would you like to know how butter and margarine affect the food you eat	False
Is Kenmore heater good	are you looking for a specific model or part	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	are you talking about the stock price of the giant	False
Is Kenmore heater good	do you want to compare different models	True
Find information about the wall	do you neeed dry wall products	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	are you looking for ps 2 adventure games	False
Find information on Porterville.	would you like to see information on fishing in arizona	False
When can I see Churchil Downs	are you wondering where churchill downs is	True
Find information on raised gardens.	do you want to take a class about raised gardens	True
Tell me about Barbados.	are you referring to a medical condition for your pet	False
How do I get my free annual credit report?	are you looking to book a trip to vanuatu	False
I'm interested in InuYasha	are you looking for specific fanrelated information	True
How to change the toilet in the house	do you need tickets for the music man	False
I’m interested in civil right movement	which countrys civil rights movement are you interested in	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	what is the most you are willing to spend on a ps 2 game	False
Tell me about ps 2 games?	which ps 2 game genres are you interested in	True
Tell me about kansas city mo	are you interested in learning how to read your credit report	False
What is equal opportunity employer?	would you like to see how to meet the legal requirement to be an equal opportunity employer	True
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	are you referring to the lab in seattle	True
Tell me about fybromyalgia	are you asking what year the company originated	False
What to do in Arkansas	are you interested in barbados	False
I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	do you want a list of their songs	True
Information about raffles	what kind of raffle are you interested in signing up for	True
I'm interested in mothers day songs	would you like directions to local rock and gem shows	False
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	do you want information about the arizona game and fish department	True
how to build a fence?	do you want to know more about the bellevue washington local government	False
How to change the toilet in the house	are you searching for workers for your company	False
Tell me about avp	would you like information about the alternatives to violence project	True
What to do in Arkansas	are you looking for a clinic for lipoma treatment	False
tell me about wilson antenna	what model of wilson antenna are you inquiring about	True
Tell me about er television show.	what type of information about the show do you need	True
How to get organised?	are you interested in playing online games	False
I’m looking for the music man.	do you want to make an appointment	False
Find information about elliptical trainer	is there a specific brand that you would like to know more about	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	how would you like to lower your heart rate	False
Tell me about er television show.	do you want to know who the main actor is in er tv show	True
tell me about uss yorktown charleston SC	which holiday season are you interested in	True
What should I know about the civil war	are you looking for a confederate victory	True
Tell me about ron howard.	are you trying to compare different ron howard movies	True
I need information on income tax return online	do you want to know how to make ballet bars out of pvc	False
Find information on hip fractures	are you interested in getting a quote for coverage	False
butter and margarine	would you like to see how these fats effect human arteries	True
How can I adopt a dog	how big do you want your dog	True
I'm looking for information on hurricane Irene flooding in manville nj	would you like news or social media posts on hurricane irene	True
Find information on raised gardens.	do you want to know what to plant in a raised garden	True
butter and margarine	are you traveling	False
I’m looking for information on worm	do you want to know where worms come from	True
I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	do you want to read reviews of hp mini 2140	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	would you like to know about normal heart rate	False
Find information on French Lick Resort and Casino.	are you looking for a political debate	False
map	do you want to know where the nile is located	False
Tell about an adobe indian house?	do you want to know about pueblo hopi or american indian houses	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	do you want dietary recommendations	False
Find information about atari	what aspect of website desgin hosting are you interested in	False
tell me about wilson antenna	are you looking for information on mitchell college in connecticut	False
How do you tie a Windsor knot?	are you looking for a way to make this into a neck tie	True
I’m looking for blue throated hummingbird	are you interested in learning about where blue throated hummingbirds live	True
I'm interested in InuYasha	which ps 2 game genres are you interested in	False
Tell me about hotels in New York.	is there a specific neighborhood you are interested in	True
Find me information about diabetes education	what price range are you looking for	False
tell me about rock and gem shows	what local rock and gem shows are you looking for from this list	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	would you like directions to flushing new york	False
How to get organised?	are you looking to organize your course work	True
How do I get my free annual credit report?	are you interested in price comparison of packages	False
Information about raffles	are you interested in raffles hotels and resorts	True
What is martha stewart and imclone?	do you want information about which sports espn covers	False
tell me about bart sf	for what route are you seeking information	True
What should I know about the civil war	do you want specific or general details on battles	True
Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	would you wanting to know how to set one up	True
Tell about an adobe indian house?	do you wish to know the location of native american houses	True
Information about east ridge high school.	what information about east ridge high school are you looking for	True
Looking for information about the Orange County Convention Center	do you want to know a phone number to call	True
Find information about the wall	are you looking to buy the album the wall online	True
Tell me about kansas city mo	are you interested in job openeings in kansas city mo	True
Where can I find information about forearm pain?	are you interested in the anatomy of forearms	True
I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	do you want a list of their songs	True
figs	are you interested in an avanced treatment below ground design	False
What is yahoo	which inuyasha characters are you interested in	False
tell me about UNC	are you interested in any specific activities at university of carolina	True
Find information on hip fractures	do you want to know where to get treatment for a hip fracture	True
What to do in Arkansas	what city in barbados are you interested in learning	False
Give me information about Titan.	are you looking for the computer part	True
Find information on raised gardens.	do you want to buy a book about raised gardens	True
Tell me about source of the nile	do you want a map	True
Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	do you need to repair your toilet	False
I need information about the University of Phoenix.	do you want to know the cost of attending the university of phoenix	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you looking bellevue square mall	True
Give me information about Titan.	do you want to learn more about the show titans	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	would you like to know why its important to lower your heart rate	True
Find information about the gs pay rate	do youwant to know what year idaho declared a state flower	False
I'm looking for flame designs	would you like to know what avp stands for	False
I'm looking for a wedding budget calculator	would you like to see articles about wedding budgeting	True
Tell me about Korean language.	are you wondering who speaks the korean language	True
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	are you looking for a specific web site	True
what is the best long term care insurance	do you plan to sign up for coverage online	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you referring to flushing new york	False
How can I lower my heart rate?	which ps 2 game franchises are you interested in	False
Find information about Mitchell College.	would you like to know what avp stands for	False
tell me about iron	would you like to figure out iron alloys used to make stainless steel	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	would you like to know about normal heart rate	False
I'm looking for flame designs	what kind of pictures are you looking for	True
I need information on income tax return online	do you need to apply for a federal tax return online	True
Find information about the sun.	are you interested in objects orbiting the sun	True
Information about bobcat	are you interested in american bobcats	True
Find information about flushing.	are you looking for a specific product in flushing queens	True
I need information on income tax return online	would you like to learn more about pvc pipes and fittings	False
tell me about iron	are you looking for iron metal products	True
I'm looking for information on recycling lead acid batteries	do you want to recycle lead acid batteries in person or by mail	True
tell me about idaho state flower	are you looking for some fun facts	True
How to register dmv in va?	what are in interested in about va dmv registration	True
Let's see frank lloyd wright biography	would you like a list of photographs commonly associated with biographies involving frank lloyd wright	True
discovery channel store	is there any specific type of product on your mind	True
Tell me information about Volvo.	are you looking for a specific web site	True
What is California Franchise Tax Board	do you want contact information for the board	True
What is martha stewart and imclone?	are you interested in something specific about martha stewart and imclone	True
How to change the toilet in the house	are you looking for reviews of the music man	False
Tell me more about Rocky Mountain News	do you want to watch news videos or read the news	True
Find information on raised gardens.	is this in reference to flowers or vegetables	True
tell me about iron	do you want to know who is hiring here	False
tell me about rice?	do you want to know how to harvest rice	True
Tell me about Pocono	are you interested in the history of the pcoconos	True
Find me information about diabetes education	are you wanting to join a diabetes education gtoup	True
Tell me about Korean language.	would you like information on how to mitigate vldl levels	False
Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	are you looking for the alexian brothers lay catholic order	True
Information about east ridge high school.	in which state are you looking for east ridge high school	True
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	do you want to know about indoor or outdoor grilling	False
I'm interested in InuYasha	are you interested in the list of inuyasha characters	True
tell me about ct jobs	are you referring to the move	False
I'm looking for flame designs	do you want a spell check for avp	False
I’m interested in civil right movement	do you want to know who the people were who started the civil rights movement	True
how to hire disc jockey	would you like to read about dj employment	True
map	is there a certain genre of music you prefer	False
tell me about bart sf	are you looking for contact info in relation to bart sf	True
Information about bobcat	would you like to know specific products from the company bobcat	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	do you want to know about worms in dogs	False
Tell me about black history.	how far back do you want to learn about black history	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you looking for a directions to the new york hall of science in flushing meadows corona park	False
Find information on hip fractures	do you need to know what are symptoms of the injury	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	would you like to find exercises to lower your heart rate	False
TV on computer	would you like to see specs on this equipment	False
Tell me information about Volvo.	are you seeing if rick warren is still alive	False
I’m interested in civil right movement	are you interested in knowing what started the civil rights movement	True
Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	are you looking for details about disneyland hotels	True
I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	would you like information on a particular band member	True
I'm looking for a wedding budget calculator	would you like to find an app for wedding budgeting	True
What is martha stewart and imclone?	do you want to know who owns espn	False
Find me information about diabetes education	are you looking for diet information	True
Tell me about Korean language.	would you like a recommendation on nearby doctors who check cholesteral levels	False
Child support in Indiana?	do you owe child support in indiana	True
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	are you looking for a particular casino in french lick	False
Find me information on sat	do you need more information about the sat test	True
tell me about UNC	would you like to learn about the unc campuses	True
butter and margarine	would you like to know the differences between butter and margarine	True
figs	are you interested in a pressure distributon design 2 feet of absorbant soil	False
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you looking for directions to bellevue	True
Info on dog heat?	would you like to know why dogs heat up	True
What is California Franchise Tax Board	is there a certain type of dj you are looking for	False
Find information on hip fractures	would you like to know where to buy weather strips	False
How do I get my free annual credit report?	would you like to know more about a certain credit reporting company	True
Find information about the gs pay rate	would you like to see some pictures of it	False
Tell me about ps 2 games?	are you referring to playstation 2 games	True
Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	do you need information about special deals	True
Where can I find information about forearm pain?	are you looking for any specific web pages	True
Information about raffles	what category are you searching for raffles in	True
Tell me more on health clubs in Arkansas	would you like information on yelp	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	would you like to know more about animals that present lipomas	True
all men are created equal	who are you interested in learning about who has that quote attributed to them	True
Where can I find information about forearm pain?	are you looking for treatments to forearm pain	True
What can I do in sherwood regional library	are you seeking to watch martha stewart and imclone	False
I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	are you looking for specific courses	True
I need information about the University of Phoenix.	what major are you interested in	True
What are characteristics of Uranus	are you wondering the temperature of uranus	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	are you interested in grilling a specefic food	True
Find sewing instructions for me	would you like instructions on how to use a sewing machine	True
to be or not to be that is the question	are you referring to a certain philosohper	True
tell me about symptoms of mad cow disease in humans	do you want to know what causes mad cow disease	True
tell me about evidence for evolution	are you looking for teaching resources concerning evolution	True
I'd like to learn about moths	do you need any specific information for controlling moths	True
Tell me about kansas city mo	would you like to know the zip code of kansas city mo	True
Find me information about diabetes education	what are you trying to learn about diabetes	True
I need information on income tax return online	have you used jackson hewitt before	True
Tell me about hotels in New York.	would you like to book a new york hotel	True
Tell me about of Ralph Owen Brester.	how old is ralph owen brewseter	True
tell me about tangible personal property tax	do you wnat sports scores	False
Information about bobcat	are you interested in cultivated or wild bobcats	True
I'm looking for flame designs	are you looking for flame design outline	True
I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	would you like to become a paralegal	True
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	are you interested in price comparison of packages	True
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	would you like to know whether asbestos exposure cause cancer	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	are you planning to run or exercise	False
Tell me about sonoma county medical services.	are you looking for contact information	True
Give me espn sports information.	do you want information about espn sports personalities	True
I'm looking for flame designs	are you looking for flame design tracers	True
What is Madagascar known for?	would you like to know about madagascar exports	True
What is yahoo	would you like to know what effects hart beat rate	False
I'm looking for a wedding budget calculator	did you want to see examples of budget weddings	True
Give me espn sports information.	do you want to know about special events on espn	True
what are the popular jobs in Michigan	can we show you reviews of the original classic book the secret garden	False
How can I lower my heart rate?	are you interested in the years inuyasha was shown in tv	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	how low would you like to lower your heart rate	False
I'm interested in dinosaurs	are you looking for any specific information about arkadelphia health club	False
What can I do in sherwood regional library	do you want to know if martha stweart works for the company	False
What are the best recepies for grilling	would you like to contact a lawyer about a possible dnr	False
How can I quick smoking	are you trying to quit smoking	True
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	do you need information on the speeds available in your area	True
Find information about elliptical trainer	what adoption agency or shelter would you like to use	False
Find me information about diabetes education	would you like to take some courses on web design	False
I'm looking for flame designs	how big do you want the flames to be	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	what is the most you are willing to spend on a ps 2 game	False
Tell me about american military university.	do you want to know more about the the curriculum	True
I need information about the University of Phoenix.	do you need admission information for the university of phoenix	True
What to do in Arkansas	would you like to find a plane ticket to barbados	False
figs	would you like to know more about growing figs	True
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	would you like the location of the arizona fish and game comission	True
Tell me about scooters.	are you looking to buy a scooter	True
Tell me about Barbados.	are you interested in facts about barbados	True
Find information about the sun.	are you looking for the news paper the sun	True
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	would you like to know where you can buy a discounted or used elliptical trainer	False
How to prepare for the GMAT?	are you looking for some sample tests	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	would you like to see a price range for gmat prep classes	True
Find information about the gs pay rate	are you interested in any specific events here	False
tell me about idaho state flower	are you interested in where they grow	True
Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	what location of alexian brothers hospital do you want to know about	True
Tell me about Barbados.	would you like to know more about animals that present lipomas	False
what are the popular jobs in Michigan	would you like to read reviews about michworks	True
Tell me information about Volvo.	is your volvo having a maintenance issue	True
TV on computer	would you like to know how to watch tv on your computer	True
Give me information about Titan.	do you want to know about the tennessee titans	True
tell me about tangible personal property tax	would you like to know the current rate	True
what are continental plates	are you looking for a map of continental plates	True
Find information about penguins.	are you looking for any specific information about the birds	True
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	are you looking for the history of butter and margarine	False
Find information on French Lick Resort and Casino.	are you looking for the age of rick warren	False
Tell me information about Volvo.	are you talking about the stock price of the giant	False
tell me about rice?	are you referring to a person named rice	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	would you like to know why its important to lower your heart rate	False
Tell me about scooters.	do you have a specific brand name on your mind	True
Tell me about Afganistan.	are you looking for a map of afghanistan	True
Find information about penguins.	would you like to see penguins of madagascar	True
butter and margarine	are you looking for a specific web site	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	are you referring to the email client	False
Tell me about Obama family tree.	how soon is this needed	False
I’m looking for the music man.	which alexian brothers hospital are you interested in	False
Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	are you interesting in buying furniture	True
I'm interested in InuYasha	are you interested in the music from inuyasha	True
How can I adopt a dog	what location would you like to search for dogs in	True
I'd like to learn about joints	would you like to know how many joints the human body has	True
Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	do you need information about special deals	True
Tell me about designer dog breeds.	do you want to know how much designer dog breeds cost	True
Tell me about fybromyalgia	do you need repair information	False
tell me about tangible personal property tax	do you want to know what the current uplift is at yellowstone national park	False
I'm looking for information on dieting	do you want to know if dieting is safe	True
I'm looking for universal animal cuts reviews	were you interested in how much weight people lost	True
Tell me more about USA tax for annuity	would you like to purchase a indexed annuity	True
Where can I find information about forearm pain?	are you worried your forearm pain means you have a broken bone	True
How to get organised?	would you like to play atari arcade games online	False
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	do you need technical support related to your service	True
What is von Willebrand Disease?	do you want to know how von willebrand disease is treated	True
Tell me about of Ralph Owen Brester.	are you looking for an online or inperson gmat prep class	False
I'm looking for flame designs	do you want to know about a management position	False
Tell me about hotels in New York.	what is your price range	True
Tell me about scooters.	are you trying to change scooter oil	True
Find information about the secret garden.	are you interested in visiting a secret garden	True
Tell me information about a sore throat.	do you have a fever	True
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	what price range are you looking for	True
I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	do you need info on what jax chemical company produces	True
What are signs of a heartattack?	are you interested in getting a quote for coverage	False
tell me about wilson antenna	would you like directions to mitchell college	False
I’m looking for blue throated hummingbird	would you like to know where it originates from	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	are you interested in the music from inuyasha	False
How to register dmv in va?	what services do you want to find information about	True
tell me about cass county missouri	do you have travel plans	True
What is California Franchise Tax Board	are you looking for djs in your area	False
I am looking for sources of used car parts.	are you looking for used car parts for a particular model of car	True
I'm looking for information about South Africa	are you interested in going to south africa	True
Tell me more on health clubs in Arkansas	would you like information on yelp	True
What is equal opportunity employer?	do you need information about a specific employer	True
Tell me about Korean language.	do you want to file your income tax online	False
Find information about atari	do you want more information about the benefits of an elliptical trainer	False
I’m looking for information on worm	do you want to learn where to purchase fishing bait	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	are you trying to locate the causes for lipoma	True
Tell me about designer dog breeds.	do you want to know unusual designer dog breeds	True
How to change the toilet in the house	are you looking for specific products related to toilets	True
How to register dmv in va?	what services do you want to find information about	True
I'm looking for information on VLDL levels	would you like information on how to mitigate vldl levels	True
Tell me more about satilies	are you looking for a company which provides internet services	True
I'm interested in InuYasha	would you like to know more about the inuyasha illustrator and writer	True
Find information about the wall	would you like to know the rules of the wall game show	True
Find information about penguins.	are you interested in the animal or the hockey team	True
I'm looking for flame designs	would you like to know how to care for your dog during heat	False
Info on dog heat?	do you need directions to your local vet	True
How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	are you interested in learning how to write a thank you letter after an interview	True
Find information about atari	are you interested in the history of atari	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	are you looking for a specific web page	True
Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	do you need to apply for food stamps in iowa	True
I'd like to learn about joints	would you like to know the various diseases of the joints	True
Find me information about the sales tax in Illinois.	are you interested in how to pay your illinois state tax	True
Find information about penguins.	are you keeping people out or animals in	False
Tell me about hotels in New York.	do you need a list of available new york hotels	True
What is yahoo	would you like to know more about kagome higurashi	False
I’m looking for the music man.	do you want to make an appointment	False
tell me about cass county missouri	are you looking for places to eat in cass county missouri	True
I'm looking for flame designs	should there be anything else besides the flames	True
Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	are you looking for job openings at alexian brothers hospital	True
What is yahoo	would you like to see inuyasha manga	False
butter and margarine	are you looking for the brands of butter and margarine	True
how to hire disc jockey	would you like to see some different exercises which can be done with this equipment	False
Find information about the gs pay rate	do you want to know when the idaho state flower was named	False
Give me information on OCD.	are you interested in ocd medications	True
Find information on ontario california airport.	from which airport are you leaving	True
who invented music	would you like to know about inventions related to music	True
How should I use the septic system design	would you like to know how it functions	True
Where should I order dog clean-up bags	would you like to know a location to find dog clean bags	True
What is yahoo	would you like to watch an inuyasha movie	False
Find information about tornadoes	are there any specific media type on your mind shall i play a video of tornadoes	True
Is Kenmore heater good	are you iinterested in a kenmore gas water heater	True
Is Kenmore heater good	would you like to know who carries this product	True
tell me about rock and gem shows	would you like to learn about rock and gem shows in oregon	True
What is Fickle Creek Farm	which treatments are you looking for at mayo clinic jacksonville fl	False
Tell me about atypical squamous cells	do you want to learn about atypical squamous cells in a pap smear	True
Tell me more about dnr	are you interested in barbados	False
How do I get my free annual credit report?	would you want to know credit report scores	True
who invented music	are you looking for who invented the first instruments	True
What is yahoo	are you talking about the stock price of the giant	True
Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	are you looking for a specific web site	True
Tell me about Pocono	are you looking for the business near you	False
Tell me about Obama family tree.	are you looking for biological information on his family	True
Find information about Mitchell College.	would you like to know mitchell colleges acceptance rate	True
Find me information about diabetes education	are you interested in the history of atari	False
Tell me about Barbados.	are you interested in the history of barbados	True
I need information on income tax return online	what project do you want to use the pvc for	False
How should I use the septic system design	do you want to know about alternatives to a septic system	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	would you like to find exercises to lower your heart rate	True
I’m looking for blue throated hummingbird	would you like to know where you can find them	True
Tell me about Neil Young.	do you want to listen to his music	True
How to register dmv in va?	do you want to know where to buy vines for shade	False
I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	would you like a history of the band	True
Tell me about hotels in New York.	do you need direction to your new york hotel	True
What is yahoo	are you interested in a specific season of inuyasha	False
Information about east ridge high school.	do you need the address of east ridge high school	True
Find me information about diabetes education	do you want to compare prices for website hosting and design	False
Give me information about Titan.	do you want to learn more about the show titans	True
Tell me information about Volvo.	do you need repair information	True
How to register dmv in va?	do you want a list of departments within the va dmv registration	True
I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	do you need product information	True
Find information on ontario california airport.	do you need to make a booking are you travelling alone	True
what is the best long term care insurance	do you need a list of available new york hotels	False
Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	would you like to buy stencils online	False
Where should I order dog clean-up bags	are you lokking for a place to purchace dog clean uo bags	True
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	is it for a blog or for online retail	True
Give me information about Titan.	are you interested in a specific web page	True
Find information about the gs pay rate	would you like to know how big they grow	False
butter and margarine	do you need traveling assistance or direction	False
I’m looking for information on worm	do you want to know how many different types of worms there are	True
Where can I find cheap internet	are you interested in lowcost internet providers	True
tell me about cass county missouri	are you looking for a specific part of missouri	True
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	would you like to see the most effective methods of gmat prep	False
Tell me about scooters.	there are some cool deals available shall i show them	True
how to hire disc jockey	are you a dj	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	would you like to know about early signs of a heart attack	False
figs	would you like to know where figs grow	True
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	are you interested in grilling a specefic food	False
I am looking for sources of used car parts.	are you looking for a specific web site	True
Find information about the secret garden.	what kind of wilson antenna are you interested in	False
What is yahoo	are you interested in inuyasha cosplay	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	would you like to know what effects blood pressure and cholesterol	False
Tell me more about satilies	do you want to figure out the benefits of satellite tv over cable tv	True
how to hire disc jockey	would you like to read about dj employment	True
Tell me information about a sore throat.	do you need the address of the indiana state fairgrounds	False
Tell me about cell phones.	were you looking for how cell phones work	True
What is USDA food pyramid	would you like to learn about how the usda food pyramid was created	True
Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	are you referring to a food stamp program that is current or a historical one	True
Find me information about diabetes education	are you interested in an online site for diabetes	True
What is yahoo	how would you like to watch inuyasha episodes	False
Find Brooks Brothers clearance.	would you like to learn about brooks brothers clearance sales	True
Where should I order dog clean-up bags	would you like to know what they are for	True
I'm looking for information on duchess county tourism	do you want to move to dutchess county	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	is this an emergency	False
Find condos in Florida.	are you interested in condos in sale	True
What are characteristics of Uranus	do you want to know the size of the planet	True
I'm looking for flame designs	are you looking for any specific heatrelated illness in dogs	False
What is a 403b?	are you interested in any specific rules	True
Find information about flushing.	do you need korean language classes	False
Where should I order dog clean-up bags	are you disposing of your dog waste at home or in a designated area	True
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	are you looking for a specific representative in relation to the company	True
Find information on Porterville.	are you looking for attractions near porterville	True
Where can I buy pressure washers?	are you trying to build a pressure washer	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	arey you conerned about someones face becoming red	False
I'm looking for information on VLDL levels	would you like to take a survey on your cholesterol	True
Find me information on sat	are you looking for the nearest sat testing location	True
Tell me about source of the nile	do you need to know who the ceo of jax chemical company is	False
Find information about penguins.	are you interested in learning more about knowledgecentered service	False
Where can I find information about forearm pain?	are you having forearm pain	True
tell me about UNC	is there a specific internet company you need information on	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	are you referring to a crazy person	False
How to register dmv in va?	would you like directions to the sherwood regional library	False
Tell me information about computer programming.	are you looking to see how much computer programming lessons cost	True
Tell me about Pocono	are you referring to pocono mountains	True
Find me information about PVC	are you interested in a certain length of pvc pipe	True
Tell me more about HP mini 2140	do you want to buy a hp mini 2140	True
Tell me about designer dog breeds.	would you like to see some pictures of designer dog breeds	True
Tell me about weather stripping	would you like to learn about weather stripping	True
Find information about the secret garden.	do you have questions about the wilson antenna warrenty	False
tell me about tangible personal property tax	do you have any dependents on your record	True
Tell me more about dnr	are you interested in the history of barbados	False
Find me information about diabetes education	do you want to find some resoutces	True
tell me about tangible personal property tax	what is theh tax rate for the country youre in	True
Tell me about weather stripping	are you interested in weather strips for windows	True
Tell me about Pocono	are you looking for the basics of septic system design	False
tell me about ct jobs	are you looking for companies to build a fence for you	False
tell me about rock and gem shows	would you like to see pictures or videos of dinosaurs	False
I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	do you want to know the qualifications necessary to become a paralegal	True
Tell me about avp	do you want to know how male vs female avps in a company	True
Give me espn sports information.	would you like to know where figs grow	False
How should I use the septic system design	would you like to know how it functions	True
Tell me more about satilies	do you want to know about natural or artificial satellites	True
How can I view my internet history?	are you concerned about other people seeing your history	True
what are the popular jobs in Michigan	would you like help searching for work in michigan	True
What are characteristics of Uranus	how many facts do you want	True
Tell me about sonoma county medical services.	are you looking for specific program information	True
Information about east ridge high school.	are you looking for a place to sell a used trombone	False
How can I quick smoking	would you like to know about the benefits of quitting smoking	True
tell me about iron	are you trying to determine whats a safe amount of iron in your blood	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	would you like to know what a conficker is	False
Tell me about Pocono	do you need admission information for the university of phoenix	False
Tell me about fybromyalgia	are you experiencing a flare up	True
Tell me more about dnr	do you want to know the legality of dnr	True
What are specific dangers of asbestos?	are you looking for some statistics regarding the exposure of asbestos	True
What is equal opportunity employer?	would you like to know if you are eligible for equal opportunity employment	True
what is the best long term care insurance	are you looking for reviews of hotels	False
Tell me about ps 2 games?	which ps 2 game franchises are you interested in	True
Find information on ontario california airport.	are you interested in visiting ontario california airport	True
What is martha stewart and imclone?	which martha stewart and imclone television show episdoe are you looking for	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	do you need any specific information on obama inauguration	True
Tell me about hotels in New York.	would you like to know about the process of disputing credit report	False
Tell me about Obama family tree.	would you like to know the political positions ralph owen brewster held	False
Find information about elliptical trainer	would you like to know your gps coordinates	False
Find information about flushing.	are you looking for a directions to the new york hall of science in flushing meadows corona park	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	are you referring to the author	True
Find information about the gs pay rate	do you want to know the federal pay cap for 2018	True
Find information on ontario california airport.	do you mean an airport in canada	True
Tell me about er television show.	do you want to watch er tv show	True
Find condos in Florida.	are you interested in any specific city in florida	True
What is California Franchise Tax Board	do you want information on the tax board	True
Find information on Porterville.	do you want to know more about the grilling process	False
Where can I find cheap internet	how do you know if your internet service is inexpensive	True
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	do you want to compare prices for website hosting and design	True
How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	do you want to find online tv streaming services	False
how to hire disc jockey	do you want to know the history of culpeper national cemetery	False
What is yahoo	are you looking for specific fanrelated information	False
I'm interested in InuYasha	are you interested in inuyasha wiki activity	True
How should I use the septic system design	are you wondering where porterville is	False
Tell me about kansas city mo	would you like to know more about a certain credit reporting company	False
Find information about the sun.	are you looking for information about how big the sun is	True
Find information about penguins.	are you interested in the animal or the hockey team	True
Tell me about weather stripping	are you looking for something to read	False
tell me about diversity	what type of diversity do you need information about	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	how would you like to lower your heart rate	False
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	how much are you willing to spend monthly for hosting	True
Tell me about Barbados.	which age group is of more interest to you	False
What are the best recepies for grilling	are you interested in kabob recipes	True
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	are you looking for lab jobs	True
map	are you referring to the movie	False
How should I use the septic system design	are you looking for hunting guides	False
what are the popular jobs in Michigan	can i take you to the resource page at the michworks website	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you referring to bellevue iowa	True
Tell me about weather stripping	are you interested in black celebrities	False
I'm interested in dinosaurs	would you like to kinow the phone nummber to arkadelphia health club	False
map	do you want a map of your local area	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	would you like me to direct you to emergency services	False
Find me information about PVC	would you like to learn more about pvc pipes and fittings	True
Tell me about hotels in New York.	would you like to know about things to see and do in kansas city mo	False
I’m interested in civil right movement	is there any specific historical movement on your mind	True
Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	do you want to know what the current uplift is at yellowstone national park	True
Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	do you want to know how much it costs to stay here	True
How to register dmv in va?	would you like to email the va dmv registration	True
Tell me about Obama family tree.	are you interested in learning more about ralph owen brewseter	False
Tell me information about Volvo.	is your volvo having a maintenance issue	True
Tell me about scooters.	are you trying to build a scooter	True
When can I see Churchil Downs	is there any specific race on your mind	True
Find information about penguins.	do you want to hear about the pittsburgh penguins	True
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	do you need an event schedule for the indiana state fairgrounds	True
what is the best long term care insurance	are you looking for reviews of hotels	False
butter and margarine	are you looking for more information on food stamps in iowa	False
Give me information on OCD.	are you looking for a definition of ocd	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	do you want to know where worms come from	False
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you looking bellevue square mall	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	are you looking for a political debate	True
What is yahoo	are you referring to the email client	True
Tell me information about a sore throat.	do you want to attend the indiana state fair	False
Tell me information about a sore throat.	are you looking for historical information about the indiana state fairgrounds	False
What should I know about the civil war	are you looking for the american civil war	True
Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	would you like a new toilet	False
Tell me about source of the nile	which part of the river are you more interested in	True
I'm interested in dinosaurs	would you like to take a zuma class at arkadelphia health club	False
Tell me about black history.	are you looking for black history figures	True
What is USDA food pyramid	are you interested in the history of the usda food pyramid	True
I'm interested in InuYasha	are you looking for stores to buy ps 2 games from	False
Give me air travel information.	are you searching for a specific airport	True
who invented music	is there any specific music genre you are interested in	True
I’m interested in civil right movement	do you want to know who the people were who started the civil rights movement	True
What are characteristics of Uranus	how many facts do you want	True
tell me about tangible personal property tax	may i tell you the numnber of earthquakes recorded in the past month in the yellowstone area	False
I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	are you looking to find out about the albums of the beatles	True
tell me about wilson antenna	are you looking for wilson antenna parts	True
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	would you like to know the differences between butter and margarine	False
How to change the toilet in the house	do you want to listen to songs from the music man	False
I am looking for sources of used car parts.	are you looking for used car parts from a particular manufacturer	True
Give me information on OCD.	are you looking for specific information related to parents of children with ocd	True
Tell me about source of the nile	what kind of information do you need about rock and gem shows	False
Tell me about Obama family tree.	who is ralph owen brewster	False
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	are you looking for a job in dutchess county in regards to tourism	False
Tell me about Korean language.	are you wondering who speaks the korean language	True
When can I see Churchil Downs	is there any specific race on your mind	True
What is yahoo	are you interested in the music from inuyasha	False
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	would you like to know the differences between butter and margarine	False
tell me about rock and gem shows	do you want a list of dinosaur names	False
Where should I order dog clean-up bags	are you interested in buying some	True
What should I know about the civil war	is there a certain state that you are interested in seeing battles for	True
How should I use the septic system design	is there any specific web page on your mind	False
Where can I find information about forearm pain?	are you interested in the anatomy of forearms	True
how to build a fence?	do you need information about bellevue nebraska	False
How to prepare for the GMAT?	what size are you looking for	False
Tell me more about HP mini 2140	are you looking for the nearest store you can buy hp mini 2140	True
Give me espn sports information.	do you want information about espn sports programming in languages other than english	True
Tell me information about a sore throat.	do you want the location of the indiana state fairgrounds	False
What are characteristics of Uranus	are you wondering what uranus is made of	True
Tell me information about Volvo.	would you like to know what are their most popular vehicles	True
Tell me about sonoma county medical services.	is this for an emergancy	True
Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	what type of furniture are you looking for	True
What are specific dangers of asbestos?	would you like to know whether asbestos exposure cause cancer	True
Find information on Porterville.	would you like to see arizona hunting trip information	False
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	would you like to know about lipomas based on any specific demographics	True
I'm looking for information on dieting	would you like to know more about dieting products for weight loss	True
tell me about uss yorktown charleston SC	are you interested in the penguins of madagascar	False
How to prepare for the GMAT?	do you want to compare different models	False
Find information about atari	which atari game system would you like to know about	True
What is yahoo	are you interested in the list of inuyasha characters	False
TV on computer	do you want to know about reviews on the bowflex power pro	False
tell me about UNC	which unc campus are you most interested in	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	how would you like to lower your heart rate	False
How do I get my free annual credit report?	do you want to know internet phone service providers	False
tell me about bart sf	are you looking for a specific web site	True
I’m looking for information on worm	do you want to know facts about the creature worm	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	are you looking for a specific model or part	False
Find information on ontario california airport.	is there anywhere in california youd like to go visit	True
Child support in Indiana?	are you interested in a calculator for child support payments	True
Where can I find cheap internet	are you interested in finding cheap items on the internet	True
tell me about ct jobs	are you looking for any legal information	True
Where can I buy pressure washers?	are you trying to build a pressure washer	True
map	are you interested in remembrance songs	False
How can I lower my heart rate?	would you like to know about normal heart rate	True
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	would you like to know more about throat cancer	False
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	which president are you looking for	True
I'm interested in InuYasha	are you interested in the music from inuyasha	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	are you referring to playstation 2 games	False
Tell me information about a sore throat.	would you like to know more about throat cancer	True
How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	do you want guidelines on how to ace an inteview	True
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	would you like to see recipes with butter and margarine	False
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	would you like to know how internet phone service works	True
I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	are you looking for the nearest store you can buy hp mini 2140	False
Tell me about avp	would you like information about the alternatives to violence project	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	are you looking for a clinic for lipoma treatment	True
I’m looking for blue throated hummingbird	would you like to learn about how fast blue throated hummingbirds are	True
tell me about dark chocolate health benefits	do you want to know how much dark chocolate you swould have for a day	True
Where can I find cheap internet	are you upset by the quality of your internet service	True
all men are created equal	would you like to know more about the author	True
I’m looking for the music man.	do you have a specific purpose for the antenna	False
Tell me about madam cj walker	are you looking for sarah breedlove	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	are you looking for a clinic for lipoma treatment	True
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	are you interested in how much you can get from this program	False
Tell me more about HP mini 2140	do you need technical specifications for the hp mini 2140	True
I'm looking for flame designs	how big do you want the flames to be	True
Find me information about diabetes education	are you looking for diet information	True
Find me information about the sales tax in Illinois.	do you want to get helping completing your illinois state tax return	True
Tell me about Korean language.	are you interested in a certain length of pvc pipe	False
Where should I order dog clean-up bags	would you like to do online shopping	True
map	are you looking album called mothers days songs	False
I'm looking for universal animal cuts reviews	were you interested in how much weight people lost	True
Tell me information about a sore throat.	are you interested in any specific events here	False
Tell me about Bellevue.	what items are you interested in flushing down the toilet	False
Find information about penguins.	are you looking for the kcs academy	False
Find information about Mitchell College.	are you looking for mitchell colleges course catelog	True
who invented music	are you interested in musical notes and their origins	True
Find information about tornadoes	do you need to know what to do in case there is a tornado	True
I’m looking for blue throated hummingbird	do you want to know if blue throated hummingbirds are nice	True
I'm looking for information on hobby stores	are you looking for hobby stores located in maryland	True
tell me about cass county missouri	are you looking for a specific part of missouri	True
Tell me about hotels in New York.	what is your price range	True
Find information about flushing.	would you like to know about blushing	True
TV on computer	would you like to see how these fats effect human arteries	False
Tell me about avp	would you like to know what avp stands for	True
Find me information about diabetes education	which type of diabetes do you want to learn about	True
Tell me information about Volvo.	are you looking for a specific web site	True
all men are created equal	would you like to know more about the declaration of independence	True
how to hire disc jockey	would you like to see some different exercises which can be done with this equipment	False
What are specific dangers of asbestos?	are you a dj	False
What are signs of a heartattack?	would you like to see the signs of a heart attack in women or in men	True
What is California Franchise Tax Board	would you like to know how to become a dj	False
What are the best recepies for grilling	do you want to know about indoor or outdoor grilling	True
tell me about iron	would you like to know about iron deficiencies	True
Find information about penguins.	what kind of penguin are you looking for	True
How to register dmv in va?	do you want to obtain forms from the dmv	True
How can I adopt a dog	are you looking for topics related to bathroom health	False
How can I adopt a dog	how much would you like to pay for a dog	True
Tell me about ps 2 games?	which ps 2 game franchises are you interested in	True
Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	are you looking for anything specific in terms of equal opportunity discrimination	False
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	would you like to know what causes lipoma tumors	True
map	do you want a map of your local area	True
Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	would you want to buy flame design stickers	False
Is Kenmore heater good	are you troubleshooting or trying to repair the unit	True
all men are created equal	would you like to learn more about the declaration of independence	True
butter and margarine	would you like to see recipes with butter and margarine	True
Find sewing instructions for me	how experienced are you at sewing	True
Tell me about kids earth day activities	are you looking for craft ideas for kids on earth day	True
Tell me about cell phones.	are you looking for a new phone with a specific carrier	True
What is yahoo	how would you like to watch inuyasha episodes	False
I'm looking for information on recycling lead acid batteries	are you interested in how lead acid batteries are recycled	True
Tell me about ps 2 games?	are you referrring how to get organized	False
Is Kenmore heater good	do you seek further information on lab breeders	False
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	do you need directions to the indiana state fairgrounds	True
Tell me information about computer programming.	are you interested in a coding bootcamp	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	would you like to know about lipomas based on any specific demographics	True
I need information on income tax return online	do you want names of companies that file income taxes online	True
Tell me about weather stripping	are you looking for black history figures	False
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	do you want to know the cost of lipoma removal	True
Tell me about ps 2 games?	is the ps 2 games for a child or an adult	True
What are signs of a heartattack?	are you looking for something to read	False
Find me information about the Last Supper painting.	would you like to see a picture of the painting	True
Find information about the wall	are you interested in a specific part of a home	True
Find information on Porterville.	do you want to find a restaurant or store here	True
Tell me about weather stripping	are you looking for a specific event or activity	False
Is Kenmore heater good	are you looking for lab jobs	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	are you talking about the stock price of the giant	False
I need information on income tax return online	are you interested in pvc pipe	False
Tell me about vines for shade.	are you interested in martha stewarts role in the company	False
Child support in Indiana?	do you pay child support in indiana	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	would you like to know more about the gmat test	True
Find symptoms of heart attack	would you like to know about symptoms of a heart attack in a pet	True
Information about raffles	are you interested in raffles in which one can enter and win	True
tell me about iron	do you want to know the iron composition of steel	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	are you interested in inuyasha wiki activity	False
How can I lower my heart rate?	are you looking for any specific pictures	False
How to get organised?	are you referrring how to get organized	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	are you looking for a recipe for grilled fish	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	what flushing are you interested in toilet or facial	False
How to prepare for the GMAT?	are you looking for some sample tests	True
Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	do you want black and white or colored designs	False
I’m interested in old coins	any tutorials would interest you	True
I need information about the University of Phoenix.	are you looking for any specific venues in porterville	False
I want to learn about rock art.	are you trying to make art rock	True
Tell me about ron howard.	are you looking for ron howard biographies	True
I want to learn about rock art.	do you want locations of rock art	True
How can I quick smoking	are you wondering how other people have quit smoking	True
figs	are you interested in an advanced treatment above ground design	False
Where can I find information about forearm pain?	are you worried your forearm pain means you have a broken bone	True
Child support in Indiana?	would you like a list of forms for processing child support claims	True
How do I get my free annual credit report?	wou you like to know more about 3in1 credit reports	True
How to cook pork tenderlion	would you like to know where pork tenderloin comes from in a pig	True
Find me information on sat	do you need more information about the sat test	True
tell me about rice?	do you want to know how to cook with rice	True
I'm interested in InuYasha	would you like to know more about the inuyasha illustrator and writer	True
Tell me about cell phones.	are you looking for prepaid phones	True
Tell me about black history.	are you looking for black history books	True
Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	are you interested in a specific aspect of uplift at yellowstone national park	True
How can I view my internet history?	on which device are you looking for history	True
TV on computer	are you looking for any specific information on bowflex power pro	False
I'm looking for information about South Africa	do you want to know who the preesident of south africa is	True
How do I get my free annual credit report?	would you like to know more about a certain credit reporting company	True
Where can I find cheap internet	are you wondering where cheap internet is	True
Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	are you referring to a food stamp program that is current or a historical one	True
Tell me information about Volvo.	are you referring to the author	False
I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	are you looking for any specific facilities	False
how to build a fence?	are you referring to bellevue nebraska	False
what are continental plates	do you need an exact definition	True
Find me information about diabetes education	who you be interested in becoming a diabetes educator	True
Tell me about the sit and reach test.	do you want to know who should take the test	True
I'm interested in InuYasha	are you interested in the years inuyasha was shown in tv	True
Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	can i tell you about the north american plate that moves causing the eventual destruction of the volcano in yellowstone park	True
When can I see Churchil Downs	are you looking for attractions near churchill downs	True
I need information on income tax return online	are you looking to buy pvc pipe	False
I'm looking for flame designs	would you want to buy flame design stickers	True
Find information about the gs pay rate	do youwant to know what year idaho declared a state flower	False
What are signs of a heartattack?	are you interested in black history	False
where can I buy a trombone?	are you looking for a store that sells trombones near you	True
I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	are you interested in awards received by the band	True
I'm interested in InuYasha	are you looking for any specific pictures	True
tell me about UNC	do you want to learn about unc the school	True
What is a 403b?	would you like to know more about a 403b retirement account	True
Find me information about diabetes education	how much data do you need stored	False
Tell me about kansas city mo	are you interested in hallmark visitors center	True
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	are you looking for regulations related to your search	True
Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	are you interested in finding a local tattoo shop that does flame design	False
When can I see Churchil Downs	are you interested in a schedule of events from churchill downs	True
Is Kenmore heater good	do you want to compare different models	True
What is yahoo	are you interested in inuyasha cosplay	False
Tell me about american military university.	do you need info on jax chemical company	False
what are the seven deadly sins	would you like their names or their meaning	True
Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	do you want to pay a bill	True
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	do you want to know how a us president is elected	True
Find information about elliptical trainer	how big do you want your dog	False
How to cook pork tenderlion	would you like to marinate your pork tenderloin	True
Give me information about tribe formerly living in alabama	is there a specific time period you are interested in	True
Find information about the secret garden.	do you need to get a part of a wilson antenna	False
TV on computer	would you like to know how to watch tv on your computer	True
Find me information on sat	are you interested in a specific web page	True
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	what tourist spots are you looking for in dutchess county	False
Tell me about vines for shade.	what growing climate do you live in	True
tell me about tangible personal property tax	what makes people think the yellowstone volcano will erupt soon	False
Give me espn sports information.	do you want information about which sports espn covers	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	would you like reviews on the kenmore gas water heater	False
all men are created equal	would you like to know more about the declaration of independence	True
Tell me information about a sore throat.	would you like things to do to soothe a sore throat	True
What is yahoo	are you referring to the insane person across the street	True
TV on computer	would you like to see some reviews	False
Tell me about Korean language.	do you need korean language classes	True
Tell me about cell phones.	are you looking for a hotel inside disneyland	False
How to prepare for the GMAT?	would you like to know who carries this product	False
What is martha stewart and imclone?	would you be interested in learning more about martha stewart and imclones history	True
Tell me information about Volvo.	are you looking for a specific web site	True
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	what exactly do you wanto to know about the dangers of asbestos	False
Find information about the gs pay rate	what year do you want to know the gs pay rate for	True
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	would you like to know the phone number of mayo clinic jacksonville fl	True
Tell me more about satilies	would you like the definition of the word satellite	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	would you like to find foods that will lower your heart rate	False
I’m looking for the music man.	do you want to know the actors in the music man	True
Where can I find cheap internet	are you looking for any bundles or deals	True
Which gps receiver I should buy	do you want the address	False
where to find morel mushrooms	are you interested in any other type of mushroom	True
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	do you want to know more about the grilling process	False
Give me espn sports information.	do you want information about espn sports personalities	True
Find me information about diabetes education	are you searching for a local educational program	True
What is martha stewart and imclone?	are you seeking to watch martha stewart and imclone	True
tell me about iron	would you like to figure out iron alloys used to make stainless steel	True
tell me about iron	are you looking for jobs in the state of conneticut	False
Find information about penguins.	are you referring to bellevue washington	False
Tell me about weather stripping	do you want to know famous black people	False
Find me information about PVC	are you interested in a certain fitting for a pvc pipe	True
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	are you looking for the brands of butter and margarine	False
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	are you looking for a new phone with a specific carrier	False
Tell me about Bellevue.	do you want to learn where to purchase fishing bait	False
Tell me about black history.	do you want to know famous black people	True
Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	are you interested where to find one	True
Tell me more about Rocky Mountain News	are you looking for a specific web site	True
map	do you want to know where the nile is located	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	are you wanting to see videos by the pastor	True
Where should I order dog clean-up bags	which online store eould you like to get the dog clean up bags from	True
Tell me about Neil Young.	are you looking for specific neil young songs	True
I'm looking for a wedding budget calculator	what are your budget priorities for your wedding	True
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	are you looking for the history of butter and margarine	False
Tell me about Korean language.	would you like information on how to mitigate vldl levels	False
Tell me more on Kansas city railroad	do you want to know facts about the creature worm	False
figs	would you like to know where figs grow	True
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	are you looking for cell phones for kids	False
tell me about iron	are you interested in penguin vape	False
Find me information on sat	are you searching for your sat scores	True
I'd like to learn about moths	do you need any specific information for controlling moths	True
Tell me about making chicken soup from scratch.	will you be making this at home or at a commercial kitchen	True
What to do in Arkansas	do you need a map of arkansas	True
What should I know about the civil war	do you want to know how many people were killed	True
How do I get my free annual credit report?	would you like to know about credit scores	True
Tell me about ps 2 games?	what types of ps 2 games do you like to play	True
I’m looking for the music man.	are you looking for job openings at alexian brothers hospital	False
Give me espn sports information.	do you want information about which sports espn covers	True
Tell me more about Rocky Mountain News	what time period are you looking for news coverage	True
Find information about the secret garden.	are you interested in finding a local tattoo shop that does flame design	False
discovery channel store	are you looking for a certain store location	True
Tell me about Korean language.	what age range would you like to see recommended vldl levels for	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	what would you like to know about yahoo	False
How can I lower my heart rate?	would any specific game interest you	False
tell me about wilson antenna	what do you want to use the antenna for	True
Tell me more about satilies	would you like to know more about satellite tv history	True
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	are you looking for the current president of the united states	True
I'm interested in dinosaurs	are you looking for a specific dinosaur	True
Find Brooks Brothers clearance.	would you like a list of brooks brothers shoes on clearance	True
Find sewing instructions for me	would you like to know some basic tips for sewing	True
how to hire disc jockey	are you wondering if there has been a recall notice	False
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	would you like an unlocked phone	False
Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	do you want to know how much it costs to stay here	True
Find information about tornadoes	do you need to know what to do in case there is a tornado	True
Find information about penguins.	are you referring to the move	True
Information about east ridge high school.	what information about east ridge high school are you looking for	True
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	are you looking for a recipe for grilled fish	False
Tell me about sonoma county medical services.	are you interested in the human services department	True
Tell me more about Rocky Mountain News	what time period are you looking for news coverage	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	do you want to know a list of top gmat prep classes	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	are you interested in grilling equipment	True
who invented music	are you looking for the history of classical music	True
Tell me about Korean language.	do you want to know the status of your return	False
Find sewing instructions for me	are you looking for sewing patterns	True
how to hire disc jockey	are you looking for djs	True
how to hire disc jockey	do you need the address of culpeper national cemetery	False
Tell me information about Volvo.	are you referring to the search engine	False
How can I lower my heart rate?	are you interested in a certain inuyasha character	False
Find information on French Lick Resort and Casino.	do you need to know all of the locations for french lick resort and casino	True
How is identifying spider bites?	would you like to know which spider bites you swould be worried about	True
When can I see Churchil Downs	are you looking for more information about churchill downs	True
How can one can become highway patrol	are you interested to fill a survey for them	True
Tell me about black history.	are you looking for black history figures	True
What is yahoo	are you interested in a certain inuyasha character	False
Tell me about Korean language.	are you looking for a dictionary	True
Tell me about Pocono	what kind of place would you like to stay at in the poconos	True
Find information on raised gardens.	what specific supply would you like to buy for your raised garden	True
I'd like to learn about moths	are you wondering what moths eat	True
What are specific dangers of asbestos?	would you like to know how to become a dj	False
Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	do you want the address	True
I'm looking for flame designs	would you like to buy stencils online	True
Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	can i tell you about the north american plate that moves causing the eventual destruction of the volcano in yellowstone park	True
Tell me about Barbados.	would you like a map of barbados	True
How to get organised?	which atari game are you interested in	False
figs	would you like to know how it functions	False
Tell me about Neil Young.	do you want to find related artists	True
Tell me about vines for shade.	where are you looking to grow the ivy	True
Find information about atari	would you like to see reviews on elliptical trainers	False
Tell me more about HP mini 2140	do you need specific forms to fill out	False
Find information about penguins.	do you want to know more about the bellevue washington local government	False
How to change the toilet in the house	do you want to know the cast of the music man	False
Tell me about scooters.	would you like to explore more on scooters	True
butter and margarine	are you referring to a federally funded food stamp program or one that is funded by the state government	False
Which gps receiver I should buy	are you interested in staying here for certain dates	False
What are the best recepies for grilling	do you want to know more about the grilling process	True
figs	are you interested in the fruit or are you looking for the clothing brand that sells scrubs	True
Find Brooks Brothers clearance.	do you want to know about brooks brothers clearance center in garland nc	True
tell me about diversity	do you need information on financial diversity	True
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	do you need a tool to design the site	True
Find information on hip fractures	do you want to know what the symptoms of a hip fracture are	True
Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	do you want realistic or cartoonish designs	False
Info on dog heat?	do you want a spell check for avp	False
Find Brooks Brothers clearance.	are you trying to find brooks brothers clearance suits	True
how to build a fence?	are you looking for the university the bellevue	False
What can I do in sherwood regional library	are you interested in something specific about martha stewart and imclone	False
I’m looking for the music man.	are you looking for showtimes for the music man	True
Info on dog heat?	are you looking for symptoms of dog heat	True
I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	are you referring to lymphoma in the eyes	True
I need information about the University of Phoenix.	do you want to find a restaurant or store here	False
Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	are you looking for job openings at alexian brothers hospital	True
tell me about diversity	what type of diversity do you need information about	True
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	do you want to learn about our president	True
How to change the toilet in the house	are you looking for topics related to bathroom health	True
I'm looking for keyboard reviews	what type of keyboard reviews are you looking for	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	are you planning to run or exercise	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	do you need information about bellevue nebraska	True
What is von Willebrand Disease?	which type of von willebrand disease do you want information about	True
how to build a fence?	do you want to know more about the bellevue washington local government	False
tell me about idaho state flower	would you like to see some pictures of it	True
Find me information about the Ritz Carlton Lake Las Vegas.	are you wanting a room at the ritz carlton in las vegas	True
How to register dmv in va?	would you like directions to the va dmv registration	True
Find me information about diabetes education	who you be interested in becoming a diabetes educator	True
Information about raffles	would you like to book a room in raffles hotel in dubai	True
tell me about rice?	are you looking for a specific recipe	True
Tell me about Korean language.	would you like information about cholesterol reports	False
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	would you like the history of the uss yorktown or information on visiting it	False
What are the best recepies for grilling	are you looking for gas grill instruction	True
Where can I find information about forearm pain?	are you looking for doctors that treat forearm pain	True
Give me espn sports information.	are you looking for recipes with figs	False
map	do you need traveling assistance or direction	True
Tell me about Barbados.	are you searching for the information in regard to lipoma symptoms	False
Tell me about Korean language.	would you like to know more about hr block	False
Find information about the gs pay rate	do you need any specific information in relation with the federal wage system	True
Find Brooks Brothers clearance.	are you interested in brooks brothers clearance shirts	True
Tell me information about a sore throat.	do you have pain on both sides of your throat	True
Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	what brand of electronic skeet shoot are you inquiring about	True
Find me information about PVC	what project do you want to use the pvc for	True
Tell me information about Volvo.	do you need information about a volvo dealership	True
Tell me information about computer programming.	are you interested in programming courses for children	True
Tell me about fybromyalgia	are you experiencing a flare up	True
Tell me about Barbados.	would you like the latest news of barbados	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	do you mean the department of natural resources	False
Tell me about Obama family tree.	what is ralph owen brewsters background	False
what is the best long term care insurance	are you interested in the best priced long term care insurance or best coverage	True
Tell me more about USA tax for annuity	do you want to know how an indexed annuity works	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	do you want to know the cost of lipoma removal	True
Give me espn sports information.	do you want to know what channel espn is	True
What is average charitable donation?	do you want to know which country has paid the highest average charitable donation amount	True
Tell me information about computer programming.	are you looking for information on jobs	True
Tell me about hotels in New York.	would you like a list of new york hotels	True
Tell me more about satilies	would you like the definition of the word satellite	True
figs	are you looking for the business near you	False
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	would you like to take some courses on web design	True
I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	do you want to know colleges in your area where you can study to be a paralegal	True
I'm looking for universal animal cuts reviews	did you want to know if it was effective for different levels of weight	True
butter and margarine	would you like to see recipes with butter and margarine	True
Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	are you looking for requirements to become a food assistance	True
Find information on Porterville.	are you looking for hunting guides	False
to be or not to be that is the question	are you referring to a philosophy book	True
tell me about iron	woud you like a list of items made from iron	True
I need information about the University of Phoenix.	do you need admission information for the university of phoenix	True
Where can I find information about forearm pain?	are you interested in the anatomy of forearms	True
I’m looking for blue throated hummingbird	are you curious about the size	True
Find me information on sat	are you looking for the nearest sat testing location	True
TV on computer	would you like to know the history of the bowflex power pro	False
I need information about the University of Phoenix.	are you looking for a specific place here	False
What are signs of a heartattack?	would you like me to direct you to emergency services	True
I'd like to learn about moths	do you need to see a picture of moth	True
tell me about mgb	are you looking for pictures of the mgb	True
I need information on income tax return online	do you need to register to file your tax return online	True
how to hire disc jockey	would you like to know how to become a dj	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	what aspect of the flushing remostrance would you like to learn more about	False
Tell me about Bellevue.	what flushing are you interested in toilet or facial	False
tell me about cass county missouri	would you like to know more about the city	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	are you interested in inuyasha wiki activity	False
Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	do you want to know how much it costs to stay here	True
Give me information about Titan.	are you referring to the monster from the final fantasy series	True
Find information about the secret garden.	would you like to know about where to purchase a wilson antenna	False
what are continental plates	is this the topic of a reseach paper that you may be writing	True
discovery channel store	are you looking for the current president of the united states	False
where to find morel mushrooms	do you have a specific state in mind to search for mushrooms	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you looking for bellevue baptist church	True
tell me about rock and gem shows	would you like a list of rock and gem shows in 2018	True
I’m looking for the music man.	do you want to watch the music man film	True
What is yahoo	how would you like to watch inuyasha episodes	False
tell me about cass county missouri	do you want to know about the schools in cass county missouri	True
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	would you like to buy supplements	False
Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	would you like to know the best way to clean a toilet	False
How to get organised?	are you looking to organize your course work	True
Tell me about Pocono	are you looking for reviews of the university of phoenix	False
Find information about penguins.	are you looking for fencebuilding materials	False
Tell me information about a sore throat.	what event do you want to attend at the fairgrounds	False
I’m looking for the music man.	do you need to get a part of a wilson antenna	False
Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	are you looking for kitchen furniture	True
Tell me about avp	do you want an acronym meanining for avp	True
Tell me about Obama family tree.	are you looking for employment with sonoma country medical	False
how to build a fence?	do you want to know about the nearest town named bellevue	False
who invented music	do you want to know the first song ever recorded	True
I'm looking for flame designs	what colors do you want to use	True
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	would you like to see symptoms of this	False
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you referring to bellevue nebraska	True
Tell me about kansas city mo	would you like to know about things to see and do in kansas city mo	True
Tell me about er television show.	are you looking for the featured music on the er tv show	True
Tell me information about a sore throat.	would you like to see symptoms of this	True
How should I use the septic system design	are you trying to find a contractor	True
I'm looking for flame designs	are you looking for flame design outline	True
Find information about atari	are you interested in classic atari games or current atari games	True
Find information about the gs pay rate	do you need any specific information in relation with the federal wage system	True
How to change the toilet in the house	are you looking for reviews of the music man	False
What is yahoo	would you like to know more about kagome higurashi	False
Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	do you want to make an appointment	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	would you like to know who carries this product	False
tell me about iron	are you looking for any legal information	False
I'm looking for information on hobby stores	are you looking for coupons	True
tell me about symptoms of mad cow disease in humans	do you want to know if memory loss is a sign of mad cow disease	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you trying to find out what worms eat	False
I am looking for sources of used car parts.	are you interested in a specific part	True
Find Brooks Brothers clearance.	do you want find clothing stores	True
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	are you looking for historical information about the indiana state fairgrounds	True
Find sewing instructions for me	how experienced are you at sewing	True
Tell me about ps 2 games?	are you wanting to join a diabetes education gtoup	False
Find condos in Florida.	do you want a condo for vacation or to live in	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	do you have high blood pressure	False
Tell me about er television show.	what type of information about the show do you need	True
Tell me about er television show.	are you looking for a list of er actors	True
Tell me more about USA tax for annuity	do you want information about fees for indexed annuities	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	would you like to know more about ps2 console design	False
What is California Franchise Tax Board	do you want to know the price to hire a dj	False
Find sewing instructions for me	can you read sewing patterns	True
How can one can become highway patrol	do you want to know how many employees work for the tn highway patrol	True
Find information on French Lick Resort and Casino.	do you need directions to french lick resort and casino	True
how to build a fence?	are you referring to bellevue washington	False
Tell me about vanuatu	are you looking to book a trip to vanuatu	True
How to register dmv in va?	do you want to know if you can grow vines in shade	False
How can I lower my heart rate?	would you like to see inuyasha manga	False
I’m looking for the music man.	do you want to know the actors in the music man	True
Find information about Mitchell College.	are you referring to a software	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	are you referring to the internet browser	False
I need information on income tax return online	are you wanting to find income tax forms online	True
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	are you looking for deals and offers related to french lick resort	False
I'm looking for flame designs	would you like to buy stencils online	True
Tell me about Barbados.	are you looking for a clinic for lipoma treatment	False
Tell me about avp	do you want information on the current us president	False
I need information on income tax return online	have you used jackson hewitt before	True
I'm looking for flame designs	would you like to know how to care for your dog during heat	False
Find me information about diabetes education	do you want to find some resoutces	True
Which gps receiver I should buy	would you like information on how gps works	True
Find condos in Florida.	what other features are you looking for in a condo	True
How to change the toilet in the house	what type of toilet are you looking for	True
I'm interested in poker tournaments	would you like a schedule of poker tournaments	True
Tell me about avp	would you like to know about the alien versus predator movie	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	are you planning to run or exercise	False
Take me to the current.	are you looking for current playing list	True
discovery channel store	is there any specific type of product on your mind	True
I need information on income tax return online	would you like information on filing income taxes	True
Find me information about the sales tax in Illinois.	would you like know who collects illinois state tax	True
I’m interested in civil right movement	would you like to know what happened during the civil rights movement	True
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	what would you like to know about culpeper national cemetary	True
what is the best long term care insurance	are you interested in the best priced long term care insurance or best coverage	True
I'm looking for information on dieting	how much weight do you want to lose while dieting	True
I'm interested in poker tournaments	do you want to find local tournaments near you	True
Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	are you interested in the history of the pcoconos	False
Where can I find cheap internet	are you looking for any bundles or deals	True
Where can I find information about forearm pain?	do you have forearm pain from lifting	True
Information about bobcat	what would you like to know about bobcats	True
What is yahoo	do you have any medical conditions	False
Find information about the wall	do you want to know the news about the border wall	True
Tell me about weather stripping	would you like to know where to buy weather strips	True
Find information on hip fractures	are you interested in any specific statistics for fractures	True
What is yahoo	which episodes of inuyasha would you like to see	False
What can I do in sherwood regional library	do you want to know if this is the company martha stewart went to jail for	False
I'm looking for flame designs	would you like to know why dogs heat up	False
discovery channel store	do you need a phone number	True
Tell me more about USA tax for annuity	are you interested in finding out the rates for indexed annutiies	True
I am looking for sources of used car parts.	are you looking for used car parts from a particular manufacturer	True
What is yahoo	are you referring to a crazy person	True
what are the popular jobs in Michigan	are you looking for a specific job or the job search site	True
What should I know about the civil war	are you looking for the american civil war	True
Find information about penguins.	are you referring to the move	True
Find information about penguins.	are you interested in a specific type of penguin	True
tell me about cass county missouri	which part of cass county are you referring to	True
tell me about rock and gem shows	would you like to learn about rock and gem shows in oregon	True
How do I get my free annual credit report?	may i provide you a list of best credit reporting agencies	True
I'd like to learn about moths	are you interested in moth life cycle	True
Tell me about kansas city mo	would you like to know about credit scores	False
Tell me about hotels in New York.	would you like to book a new york hotel	True
Information about raffles	where would you like your raffle to take place	True
How do I get my free annual credit report?	do you want information on how to keep your credit report good	True
Tell me about Pocono	would you like to know more about growing figs	False
tell me about idaho state flower	are you looking for any specific support group in relation to fybromyalgia	False
Information about raffles	are you interested in buying tickets to a raffle	True
I'm looking for a wedding budget calculator	do you need this information for any specific part of your ceremony	True
Tell me more on Kansas city railroad	do you want to know where worms come from	False
Information about raffles	are you interested in raffles tv series	True
How to change the toilet in the house	do you need tickets for the music man	False
Find information about the sun.	are you interested in the suns life cycle	True
How can I adopt a dog	are you looking for specific products related to toilets	False
Give me information about Titan.	are you interested in a specific web page	True
I'm looking for information about South Africa	are you moving to south africa	True
Find information about elliptical trainer	are you looking for a suitable elliptical machine to use at home	True
Which gps receiver I should buy	are you looking for gps accessories	True
Find information about penguins.	are you looking for a specific web page	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	do you need to know where you can purchase a grill	True
Find information on French Lick Resort and Casino.	are you looking for a specific web page	False
Find me information about PVC	may i provide you medical definition of premature ventricular contractions	True
I need information on income tax return online	are you looking for methods on how to repair leaks in pvc pipe	False
Where can I find cheap internet	are you looking to buy cheap internet	True
Information about bobcat	are you interested in knowing where bobcats are located geographically	True
tell me about rock and gem shows	are you looking for information about upcoming rock and gem shows	True
I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	do you want to know about the symptoms of lymphoma in dogs	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	are you at risk for having a heart attack	False
Find information on Porterville.	would you like the location of the arizona fish and game comission	False
Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	are you interested where to find one	True
Find information on Porterville.	are you interested in schools in poterville	True
what are the popular jobs in Michigan	would you like help searching for work in michigan	True
What is California Franchise Tax Board	do you want to know the address	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you referring to bellevue washington	True
Where should I order dog clean-up bags	are you looking for a seller near you	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	would you like to purchase a weather stripping product	False
Tell me about designer dog breeds.	do you want a designer dog	True
Tell me more about dnr	do you want to know if dnr is legal where you live	True
Tell me more about Rocky Mountain News	are you looking for a specific web site	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	would you like to read about colleges in arkansas	False
Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	what specific type of electronic skeet shoot are you interested in	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	do you want reviews of the hp mini 2140	False
I'm interested in dinosaurs	are you interested in dinosaur toys	True
How to change the toilet in the house	would you like to know the best way to clean a toilet	True
Tell me about source of the nile	what kind of information do you need about rock and gem shows	False
Tell me about Afganistan.	what specific information about afghanistan are you looking for	True
Tell me about Korean language.	do you need korean language classes	True
Tell me about sonoma county medical services.	what score would you like to achieve on the gmat test	False
Tell me about american military university.	are you looking for some retailers	False
map	are you looking for a particular artist	False
I need information on income tax return online	would you like to know about premature ventricular contractions medical treatments	False
How can I adopt a dog	would you like to know the best way to clean a toilet	False
Give me espn sports information.	are you looking for standings of a specific sport	True
I’m looking for the music man.	are you interested in visiting a secret garden	False
I’m looking for blue throated hummingbird	would you like to learn about how blue throated hummingbirds eat	True
Information about east ridge high school.	are you searching for east ridge high school located in clermont fl	True
Find information about the secret garden.	do you want black and white or colored designs	False
who invented music	is there any specific music genre you are interested in	True
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	are you wondering if there has been a recall notice	True
Give me information on OCD.	are you interested in ocd in children	True
Tell me information about a sore throat.	do you have a cough as well	True
What is Fickle Creek Farm	would you like to know where fickle creek farm is on a map	True
I'm looking for information on hobby stores	do you want to know hours of operation	True
tell me about rice?	are you looking for rice university	True
what are the popular jobs in Michigan	the secret garden has been made into many films and series which version of the secret garden are you intrested in	False
Tell me about vines for shade.	where are you looking to grow the ivy	True
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	do you want information on arizona wildlife	True
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	do you need any specific information about pnl	True
tell me about tangible personal property tax	do you want to know when espn started	False
how to build a fence?	are you interested in the costs of building a fence	True
Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	do you need information about special deals	True
I'm looking for information on VLDL levels	would you like to know how to get your vldl levels tested	True
I'm looking for flame designs	would you like to know if spaying would stop the heat of a female dog	False
Tell me information about Volvo.	are you interested in who is the ceo	True
When can I see Churchil Downs	are you interested in a schedule of events from churchill downs	True
How to change the toilet in the house	would you like to know about different types of toilets	True
Tell me more about dnr	are you interested in barbados flag	False
I want to learn about rock art.	are you referring to a music genre	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	are you referring to lymphoma in the eyes	False
What is yahoo	would you like to know more about the inuyasha illustrator and writer	False
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	would you like to know whether asbestos exposure cause cancer	False
Tell me information about Volvo.	are you referring to the pastor	False
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	would you like to know irons atomic number or mass	False
Find information about penguins.	are you interested in penguin vape	True
Tell me more about dnr	are you interested in facts about barbados	False
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	would you like to see all listings for casinos in french lick	False
Child support in Indiana?	would you like details on how to pay child support	True
Find information about penguins.	are you interested in a school district	False
What are the best recepies for grilling	do you want to know about grilling meat	True
Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	what size is your toilet	False
tell me about wilson antenna	do you want realistic or cartoonish designs	False
Tell me about hotels in New York.	would you want to know credit report scores	False
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	how much data do you need stored	True
Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	do you want to know how to use it	True
I'm looking for flame designs	would you like to buy stencils online	True
Tell me about avp	would you like stock information for avon products incorporated	True
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	do you need information on employment opportunities	True
What is martha stewart and imclone?	do you want to know who owns espn	False
I’m looking for the music man.	is the secret garden a book you are interested in	False
what is the best long term care insurance	do you plan to sign up for coverage online	True
How can I quick smoking	are you wondering if it is hard to quit smoking	True
I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	do you need the address of jax chemical company	True
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	are you interested in kabob recipes	False
What to do in Arkansas	are you looking for a clinic for lipoma treatment	False
I’m interested in old coins	do you want to buy old coins	True
figs	are you looking for information on its maintenance	False
tell me about cass county missouri	are you looking for government service	True
Tell me about Pocono	do you need admission information for the university of phoenix	False
I'm looking for information on dieting	how much weight do you want to lose while dieting	True
I’m looking for information on worm	are you wondering who speaks the korean language	False
Tell me about of Ralph Owen Brester.	may i provide you with information regarding when ralph owen brewster died and cause of death	True
Find me information about the Last Supper painting.	do you want to know why leonardo davinci painted the last supper painting	True
I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	are you interested in learning the history of the beatles	True
Find information about the wall	are you referring to the wall proposed by donald trump or the wall by pink floyd	True
I'm interested in poker tournaments	which poker tournament are you interested in knowing more about	True
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	what aspect of website desgin hosting are you interested in	True
Tell me about weather stripping	do you want to know famous black people	False
Tell me about madam cj walker	are you looking for her whereabouts	True
I'm looking for universal animal cuts reviews	would you like to see comparable products to universal animal cuts	True
Find me information about diabetes education	which type of diabetes do you want to learn about	True
Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	when are you going to the pococnos	False
Find information on Porterville.	are you looking for regulations related to your search	False
Info on dog heat?	do you need directions to your local vet	True
tell me about UNC	are you interested in the whereabouts of the university of carolina	True
Tell me more about dnr	would you like to know where barbados is	False
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	would you like to figure out iron alloys used to make stainless steel	False
tell me about ct jobs	what kind of penguin are you looking for	False
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	is there a specific representative that you need contact information for	True
Tell me about kansas city mo	are you looking for a specific web site	True
Tell me about er television show.	are you looking for ways to watch er	True
What is Fickle Creek Farm	are you looking for specific information regarding fickle creek farm	True
What is yahoo	would any specific game interest you	False
how to hire disc jockey	are you looking for djs in your area	True
Tell me about vanuatu	do you want to know the history	True
Find information about the secret garden.	are you looking for a specific web page	False
Find me information about the Ritz Carlton Lake Las Vegas.	would you like to know where ritz carlton lake las vegas is on a map	True
discovery channel store	do you want to know about the office of the president of the us	False
figs	are you interested in an advanced treatment above ground design	False
I'm interested in dinosaurs	are you looking for multiple health clubs in arkadelphia ar	False
I'm looking for a wedding budget calculator	what is your projected budget for your wedding	True
Tell me more on health clubs in Arkansas	is this tangible personal property tax just for you	False
I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	do you want a paralegal internship	True
Find me information about the sales tax in Illinois.	do you want to know what the illinois state tax rate is	True
I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	do you need information on employment opportunities	False
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	are you looking for nearby medical practices that treat the condition	True
What is a 403b?	would you like to see if your employer offers 403b resources	True
how to build a fence?	are you looking for the university the bellevue	False
Tell me about Pocono	which mountain ski resort would you like information around the pocono area	True
Where can I find cheap internet	are you looking to buy cheap internet	True
How to register dmv in va?	do you want to renew a drivers license	True
how to build a fence?	are you using this around the yard	True
Tell me about Pocono	would you like to know more about pocono raceway	True
Tell me about Pocono	do you want to know the cost of attending the university of phoenix	False
Find information on Porterville.	are you looking for regulations related to your search	False
map	are you interested in satellite maps	True
I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	do you want to know the nearest vet that can help	True
What is Fickle Creek Farm	would you like to know the phone number of mayo clinic jacksonville fl	False
What is Madagascar known for?	would you like to know what animals are native to madagascar	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	what is the heart rate youre looking to achieve	False
discovery channel store	are you looking for the first president ever	False
How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	are you looking for an interview preparation guide	True
I'd like to learn about moths	are you looking to fix a moth infestation	True
Tell me about cell phones.	are you looking for details about disneyland hotels	False
Tell me information about computer programming.	are you interested in a coding bootcamp	True
tell me about rice?	are you referring to a person named rice	True
Where can I find information about forearm pain?	are you looking for causes of forearm pain	True
Tell me about Korean language.	are you looking for a dictionary	True
Tell me about source of the nile	is there any specific information about the river that would interest you	True
TV on computer	do you want to purchase streaming services	True
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	do you want to know the iron composition of steel	False
Tell me more about satilies	do you want to know more about the technology behind satellites	True
Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	would you like directions to the nearest iowa food stamp office	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	would you like me to find the nearest kenmore store for you	False
I need information on income tax return online	are you interested in a certain length of pvc pipe	False
tell me about wilson antenna	are you looking for wilson antenna parts	True
Find me information about PVC	would you like to learn more about pvc pipes and fittings	True
tell me about UNC	do you need technical support related to your service	False
Give me information on OCD.	are you looking for a definition of ocd	True
Tell me information about a sore throat.	do you have a fever	True
How to get organised?	are you interested in the history of atari	False
Find information about Mitchell College.	are you interested in the ranking of mitchell college	True
figs	are you looking for septic system design software	False
Find information about the secret garden.	do you need to get a part of a wilson antenna	False
Find information about penguins.	are you trying to build a specific kind of fence	False
How can I lower my heart rate?	do you have high blood pressure	True
What is yahoo	would you like to know more about the inuyasha illustrator and writer	False
tell me about ct jobs	are you interested in penguin vape	False
Give me espn sports information.	are you referring to pocono mountains	False
Tell me about atypical squamous cells	are you interested in atypical squamous cells in urine	True
Find me information about the Ritz Carlton Lake Las Vegas.	would you like the location of the ritz carlton lake las vegas	True
Info on dog heat?	is your dog acting strangely like they are in heat	True
tell me about UNC	which unc are you interested in	True
Tell me about hotels in New York.	wou you like to know more about 3in1 credit reports	False
I'm interested in InuYasha	which inuyasha characters are you interested in	True
what are the popular jobs in Michigan	what division of michworks are you interested in	True
Where can I find cheap internet	are you looking for information on any specific internet technology	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	are you interested in the years inuyasha was shown in tv	False
Tell me about cell phones.	do you need information about special deals	False
Give me air travel information.	do you need more information about different kinds of air travel	True
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	which state of lymphoma in dogs are you referring to	False
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	are you interested in a specific brand of cell phone	False
Tell me about Bellevue.	what aspect of the flushing remostrance would you like to learn more about	False
How to change the toilet in the house	are you interested in more about the company	False
Find information about the gs pay rate	would you like the idaho state flower coloring page	False
When can I see Churchil Downs	do you want to know the best time to visit churchill downs is	True
Tell me about cell phones.	do you need information about cell phone plans	True
Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	are you looking for furniture for a specific room	True
Tell me about scooters.	do you have a specific brand name on your mind	True
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	are you wondering what causes sore throat	False
Tell me about cell phones.	were you looking for how cell phones work	True
Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	are you interested in lodgings	False
tell me about bart sf	are you interested in bart sf the company	True
I'm interested in mothers day songs	what would you like to know about rock and gem shows	False
Tell me about kansas city mo	are you interested in recent news headlines from kansas city mo	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	would you like to know about normal heart rate	False
discovery channel store	would you like to know how iron is mined	False
Find condos in Florida.	what is your price range	True
tell me about iron	are you looking for jobs in the state of conneticut	False
I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	are you looking for lab jobs	False
What to do in Arkansas	are you looking for arkansas history	True
Looking for information about the Orange County Convention Center	are you looking for things to do around that area	True
How can I adopt a dog	do you want to adopt from a shelter or an individual owner	True
Tell me about black history.	would you like to know the zip code of kansas city mo	False
Give me information on OCD.	do you want to know the symptoms of ocd	True
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	are you looking for some medication	False
What is equal opportunity employer?	do you want to know more about the the curriculum	False
Tell me about sonoma county medical services.	would you like to know more about the gmat test	False
Find information about the secret garden.	what kind of pictures are you looking for	False
Tell me about source of the nile	would you like to know what the nile is composed of	True
Tell me more about HP mini 2140	are you referring to the lab in seattle	False
I’m interested in civil right movement	would you like to know what happened during the civil rights movement	True
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	are you wondering what causes sore throat	False
Find sewing instructions for me	using needle and thread or a sewing machine	True
tell me about iron	would you like to know irons atomic number or mass	True
I'm interested in InuYasha	are you interested in a certain inuyasha character	True
how to build a fence?	are you looking for the college	False
Tell me about Bellevue.	would you like to know about blushing	False
How to prepare for the GMAT?	are you looking for a specific model or part	False
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	would you like to see arizona hunting trip information	True
tell me about cass county missouri	can i help you find something on a map	True
TV on computer	do you want to know how to use the bowflex power pro	False
Where can I buy pressure washers?	are you looking to buy a pressure washer	True
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	what time are you wanting to visit this clinic	True
Find information on Porterville.	are you looking for a contact number for the city government	True
Find information on ontario california airport.	would you like to book a hotel there	True
I need information about the University of Phoenix.	is there any specific web page on your mind	False
Tell me information about Volvo.	are you looking for a political debate	False
what is the best long term care insurance	are you interested in the cost for best long term care insurance or short term	True
I'd like to learn about moths	are you really reffering to mothra	True
Find information about the secret garden.	the secret garden has been made into many films and series which version of the secret garden are you intrested in	True
Where can I find cheap internet	are you upset by the quality of your internet service	True
What are characteristics of Uranus	are you looking for learning material for school	True
tell me about rock and gem shows	are you looking for a list of clubs that host rock and gem shows	True
How to get organised?	are you looking to take a class about diabetes	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	shall i take you to any specific pages of yahoo web site	False
Find me information about the Last Supper painting.	do you want to know how much the last supper painting is worth	True
Find information on Porterville.	are you referring to a gas grill	False
butter and margarine	are you looking for requirements to become a food assistance	False
I’m looking for information on worm	are you looking for nearby classes	False
Tell me more about satilies	are you looking for a specific kind of maps and images	True
Tell me about ps 2 games?	are you wanting to find a class on the education of the disease of diabetes	False
What are signs of a heartattack?	when do you expect to need coverage to begin	False
Find information about flushing.	are you interested in ways to fix problems flushing the toilet	True
Tell me about vanuatu	would you like to see the base pay scale for 2018	False
How to change the toilet in the house	are you looking for showtimes for the music man	False
How can I lower my heart rate?	would you like to know what effects hart beat rate	True
TV on computer	would you like to know how to watch tv on your computer	True
Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	are you looking for specific products related to toilets	False
How do I get my free annual credit report?	do you need information on the speeds available in your area	False
Find condos in Florida.	how many bedrooms do you want	True
Find information about the secret garden.	which type of antenna are you interested in	False
where can I buy a trombone?	do you have any dependents on your record	False
tell me about cass county missouri	which part of cass county are you referring to	True
I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	would you like to know about risk factors of lymphoma in dogs	True
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	do you need a tool to design the site	True
I'm looking for information about South Africa	do you want to know how to get to south africa	True
Find me information about the sales tax in Illinois.	would you like to know when the illinois state tax is due	True
Tell me information about a sore throat.	do you need an event schedule for the indiana state fairgrounds	False
How can I lower my heart rate?	how would you like to watch inuyasha episodes	False
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	which department are you interested in at mayo clinic jacksonville fl	True
Tell me about cell phones.	do you want to know how much it costs to stay here	False
Tell me about Korean language.	are you looking for information about hangul	True
I’m interested in old coins	do you want to sell old coins	True
Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	what would you like to know about electronic skeet shoot	True
Tell me about kansas city mo	are you interested in recent news headlines from kansas city mo	True
how to build a fence?	will this be used as a animal pen	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	would you like to see diagrams of how a toilet flushes	False
What are specific dangers of asbestos?	do you have any type of asbestos in mind when you ask about the dangers of asbestos	True
discovery channel store	shall i open discovery channel store homepage	True
Find condos in Florida.	do you want to rent or buy a condo	True
Tell me about Pocono	are you interested in comparing university of phoenix with other universities in any specific aspect	False
Where should I order dog clean-up bags	are you interested in buying some	True
Tell me more about Rocky Mountain News	are you interested in news archives	True
Tell me about atypical squamous cells	are you interested in atypical squamous cells in a test result	True
discovery channel store	are you looking for a mythbusters product	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	are you interested in kabob recipes	True
how to build a fence?	are you looking for things to do in bellevue	False
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	which internet phone service providers are you interested in	True
Find information about the secret garden.	are you looking to buy an antenna or read more about the antenna	False
When can I see Churchil Downs	would you like to know the history of churchill downs	True
Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	are you looking for an application on this topic	True
Tell me about weather stripping	how far back do you want to learn about black history	False
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	do you want to know a list of top gmat prep classes	False
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	are you referring to a gas grill	False
How should I use the septic system design	are you interested in a pressure distributon design 2 feet of absorbant soil	True
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	do you want to attend the indiana state fair	True
Tell about an adobe indian house?	are you looking for pictures of adobe indian houses	True
tell me about ct jobs	are you looking for any legal information	True
What is yahoo	are you interested in a specific season of inuyasha	False
Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	would you like to know different types of it	True
What is martha stewart and imclone?	do you want information about espn sports programming in languages other than english	False
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	are you referring to the machine or person	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	are you looking for a political debate	True
Find information about penguins.	are you looking for instructions to build a fence	False
Tell me about hotels in New York.	would you like to book a new york hotel	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	would you like to know what distinguishes gmat from gre	True
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	are you looking to subsitute butter and margarine	False
What is yahoo	are you interested in the list of inuyasha characters	False
Find me information about diabetes education	are you looking for a specific web site	True
Tell me about of Ralph Owen Brester.	what is ralph owen brewser famous for	True
Tell me about texas border patrol.	do you want a phone number to call	True
Tell me about ps 2 games?	are you searching for a local educational program	False
who invented music	are you interested in music streaming	True
What can I do in sherwood regional library	do you want to know if this is the company marthat stewart was given insider trading information	False
What is von Willebrand Disease?	would you like to learn about the symptoms of von willebrand disease	True
Tell me about er television show.	are you looking for a website to watch er tv show online	True
Tell me about of Ralph Owen Brester.	would you like to know what movie star portrayed brewster in the movie the aviator and what award the movie star was nominated for the performance	True
tell me about iron	are you looking for some photos	False
tell me about cass county missouri	are you interested in a list of homes for sale in cass county	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	do you want to learn how to install weather strips on doors	False
to be or not to be that is the question	do you want to know how others have used that quote	True
What is California Franchise Tax Board	would you like to read about dj employment	False
Tell me about Korean language.	what would you like to know about vldl levels	False
Where can I find information about forearm pain?	does your forearm hurt from twisting	True
Tell me about vines for shade.	do you want to know how many species are there of vines for shade	True
where can I buy a trombone?	are you interested in selling or buying a trombone on ebay	True
Find information about the secret garden.	are you looking for a specific web page	False
Tell me about ron howard.	are you interested in when ron howard was younger or his older work	True
How should I use the septic system design	are you interested in a standard gravity type of design 3 feet of absorbant soil	True
Is Kenmore heater good	would you like me to find the nearest kenmore store for you	True
how to hire disc jockey	do you need directions to culpeper national cemetery	False
Information about east ridge high school.	are you interested in east ridge high school latest news	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	do you want dietary recommendations	True
I'm looking for flame designs	are you looking for mitchell colleges tuition rates	False
Tell me about avp	are you interested in history of presidents	False
Tell me information about Volvo.	are looking for reviews on volvo xc90 suv	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	do you want to compare different models	False
Find information about atari	what type of website do you need	False
tell me about idaho state flower	do you want information on treatments for fibromyalgia	False
I’m looking for information on worm	are you trying to learn the korean language	False
Tell me about vines for shade.	which martha stewart and imclone television show episdoe are you looking for	False
I'm looking for information on VLDL levels	would you like to know how to get your vldl levels tested	True
I’m looking for information on worm	do you wish to take a korean language test	False
what are the popular jobs in Michigan	are you searching for workers for your company	True
I’m looking for the music man.	are you interested in what services alexian brothers hospital offers	False
Give me information on OCD.	are you looking for a test to check for ocd	True
Find me information about diabetes education	what price range are you looking for	False
What is yahoo	are you interested in a specific season of inuyasha	False
Find information about the wall	are you interested in building a home	True
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	do you want to know about the office of the president of the us	True
I’m looking for the music man.	what is the doctors name at this facility that you want	False
Tell me about american military university.	are you interested in learning more about tuition costs for the american military university	True
What to do in Arkansas	are you interested in facts about barbados	False
How do I get my free annual credit report?	which internet phone service providers are you interested in	False
Find information about the sun.	are you interested in the suns size	True
tell me about iron	what kind of trade are you looking for	False
tell me about rice?	do you want to know how to cook with rice	True
TV on computer	which tv and computer information would you like to know more about	True
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	do you want to know internet phone service providers	True
Find information about elliptical trainer	would you like prices of elliptical trainer	True
Tell me about Barbados.	would you like to know how far barbados is	True
Tell me more about Rocky Mountain News	do you want to watch news videos or read the news	True
I'm looking for keyboard reviews	do you want to know about piano keys	True
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	would you like the history of indiana state fairgrounds	True
I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	which state of lymphoma in dogs are you referring to	True
Tell me about ps 2 games?	what is the most you are willing to spend on a ps 2 game	True
what is the best long term care insurance	are you interested in comparing coverage prices	True
How should I use the septic system design	are you looking for information on its maintenance	True
Tell me more about dnr	would you like the latest news of barbados	False
Is Kenmore heater good	are you looking for the instruction of the kenmore sears gas water heaters	True
How to change the toilet in the house	do you have a specific toilet brand on your mind	True
Tell me about american military university.	do you need info on what jax chemical company produces	False
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	is this an emergency	True
Tell me more on Kansas city railroad	are you looking for information about computer viruses	False
Find symptoms of heart attack	would you like to know symptoms that are common in men or common in women	True
What is yahoo	are you interested in inuyasha wiki activity	False
tell me about idaho state flower	are you looking for symptoms of fibromyalgia	False
Tell me about of Ralph Owen Brester.	how old is ralph owen brewseter	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	would you like to see the most effective methods of gmat prep	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	how low would you like to lower your heart rate	False
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	do you want to know the address	False
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	what time are you wanting to visit this clinic	True
I'm interested in InuYasha	would any specific game interest you	True
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	do you want to know the size of culpeper national cemetery	True
Find me information about the Last Supper painting.	do you want to know the location of the last supper painting	True
I'm interested in mothers day songs	are you referring to the movie	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	do you want to see cookbooks for grilling	True
Tell me about the sit and reach test.	do you want to know how to perform this test	True
where can I buy a trombone?	do you have any dependents on your record	False
I'm interested in dinosaurs	are you interested in dinosaur toys	True
Tell me about Korean language.	are you looking for korean language symbols	True
Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	which alexian brothers hospital are you interested in	True
Tell me more about USA tax for annuity	do you want to know if an indexed annuity a good investment	True
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	are you referring to the specific company	True
What is von Willebrand Disease?	which animal are you interested in knowing about in regards to von willebrand disease	True
How can I adopt a dog	do you want to adopt from a shelter or an individual owner	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you looking for the university the bellevue	True
where can I buy a trombone?	do you want to know the tangible personal property tax	False
tell me about ct jobs	are you looking for any specific information about the birds	False
Tell me about weather stripping	are you interested in new york hotel prices	False
Give me information about Titan.	are you referring to the titans from titanfall	True
who invented music	do you want the name of one person	True
Tell me more on health clubs in Arkansas	is arkadelphia in the name of the health club	True
discovery channel store	do you need to see what is sold there	True
I'm looking for information on hobby stores	what location do you want to find a hobby store in	True
Tell me about avp	would you like information about the alternatives to violence project	True
What is yahoo	do you want dietary recommendations	False
What is equal opportunity employer?	do you want to know the name of the source	False
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	are you looking for benefits of an elliptical trainer vs other fitness machines	False
Tell me about vines for shade.	are you interested in what the the company imclone does	False
I’m looking for blue throated hummingbird	would you like to know where you can find them	True
Tell me about avp	are you looking for the stock symbol avp	True
all men are created equal	would you like to know more about the author	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	do you want to know if dnr is legal where you live	False
Find me information about PVC	are you interested in pvc pipe	True
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	do you need the address of culpeper national cemetery	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	would you like to know why its important to lower your heart rate	False
figs	would you like to know what figs taste like	True
What is California Franchise Tax Board	do you like to know more about writing thank you notes for an interview	False
What are the best recepies for grilling	are you looking for what country arkansas is	False
Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	are you wanting to know what it is	True
I'd like to learn about joints	are you speaking about the human body or a mechanical part	True
Find information about flushing.	what items are you interested in flushing down the toilet	True
what is the best long term care insurance	is there a specific neighborhood you are interested in	False
discovery channel store	are you looking for a deadliest catch product	True
Tell me about ps 2 games?	which ps 2 game genres are you interested in	True
Find information about Mitchell College.	are you looking for pages that compare mitchell college with others	True
Find information on raised gardens.	do you want to buy a book about raised gardens	True
Find information on Porterville.	is there any specific web page on your mind	True
Information about bobcat	are you in interested in the animal or the manufacturing company	True
Where can I find information about forearm pain?	do you have forearm pain when extending your arm	True
Tell me about of Ralph Owen Brester.	may i tell you about brewsters parents where and when he was born	True
Find me information about diabetes education	do you need a tool to design the site	False
Tell me about Obama family tree.	how many generations would you like me to list from president obamas family tree	True
Tell me more about Rocky Mountain News	are you interested inn information about the national park	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	are you interested in grilling a specefic food	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	what is the heart rate youre looking to achieve	False
How can I adopt a dog	how big do you want your dog	True
What is martha stewart and imclone?	are you looking for information on a specific sport	False
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	do you need directions from your location to the uss yorktown	False
TV on computer	are you wondering if there has been a recall notice	False
What is yahoo	are you referring to a crazy person	True
Find information about atari	how much data do you need stored	False
I'm looking for a wedding budget calculator	what is your projected budget for your wedding	True
Tell me about american military university.	would you be interested in learning more about the history of the american military university	True
Tell me about american military university.	do you need details on where jax chemical company is	False
Tell me more on health clubs in Arkansas	do you have any dependents on your record	False
Tell me about ron howard.	do you want to know more about ron howards directing career	True
Give me espn sports information.	would you like to know what figs taste like	False
Find information on ontario california airport.	would you like to book a flight at ontario california airport	True
Find information about the sun.	are you interested in the suns life cycle	True
Find information on Porterville.	are you looking for a recipe for grilled fish	False
Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	would you want to buy flame design stickers	False
TV on computer	are you interested in buying a tv with a computer included	True
how to build a fence?	will this be a tall fence or short fence	True
Info on dog heat?	would you like information about the association of volleyball professionals	False
what are continental plates	is there a specific representative you need information on thats written on the topic	True
Tell me more on Kansas city railroad	are you interested in learning more about knowledgecentered service	True
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	would you like to take some courses on web design	True
Tell me more about HP mini 2140	do you want contact information for the board	False
Child support in Indiana?	would you like details on how to pay child support	True
Tell me more about dnr	are you interested in dnr stock	True
discovery channel store	are you looking for a mythbusters product	True
How do I get my free annual credit report?	do you want information on what is in a credt report	True
tell me about rock and gem shows	are you interested in finding rock and gem shows near you	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	would you like to know what effects hart beat rate	True
Tell me about Korean language.	what would you like to know about vldl levels	False
Tell me about source of the nile	which part of the river are you more interested in	True
Tell me information about a sore throat.	would you like the history of indiana state fairgrounds	False
Tell me more on health clubs in Arkansas	are you looking for any specific information about the library	False
tell me about rock and gem shows	what would you like to know about rock and gem shows	True
I'm looking for information about South Africa	do you want a map of south africa	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	would you like to know what effects hart beat rate	False
I'm looking for information on dieting	would you like to read about different types of diet pills	True
Tell me more about USA tax for annuity	would you like reasons not to invest in an indexed annuity	True
Tell me about Neil Young.	do you want to listen to his music	True
Tell me about Obama family tree.	what is ralph owen brewsters education	False
Tell me information about a sore throat.	are you looking for medicines to treat a sore throat	True
Information about raffles	are you planning to organize a raffle for a specific event	True
I'm looking for information on dieting	are you looking for dieting tips	True
I need information on income tax return online	what type of craft are you using the pvc for	False
I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	which state of lymphoma in dogs are you referring to	True
figs	if youre interested in recipes would you like savory or sweet receipes do you have other specific ingredients in mind	True
Tell me about Obama family tree.	are you referring to the time magazine essay	True
I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	are you interested in a specific type of product	True
Where can I find information about forearm pain?	do you have forearm pain from typing	True
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	are you looking for a grill for grilling food	False
Find information about flushing.	arey you conerned about someones face becoming red	True
What is yahoo	are you interested in the years inuyasha was shown in tv	False
I'm looking for keyboard reviews	do you want to know about built in keyboards	True
Info on dog heat?	would you like to know if spaying would stop the heat of a female dog	True
Tell me about ps 2 games?	which type of diabetes do you want to learn about	False
Tell me about vanuatu	do you want to know the history	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	do you want to find out about the animal worm or a why a person is called a worm	False
How to prepare for the GMAT?	would you like me to find the nearest kenmore store for you	False
I need information about the University of Phoenix.	are you looking for attractions near porterville	False
Info on dog heat?	would you rather read some reviews about avp antivirus	False
I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	are you seaching for east ridge high school community education	False
tell me about idaho state flower	are you looking for a diet to help manage fibromyalgia	False
Tell me about of Ralph Owen Brester.	are you looking for a specific web site	False
Is Kenmore heater good	what year model are you looking for	True
Tell me about source of the nile	what local rock and gem shows are you looking for from this list	False
Tell me more on Kansas city railroad	are you interested in pictures of worms	False
tell me about iron	would you like to know irons atomic number or mass	True
Tell me about hotels in New York.	are you looking for a specific web site	False
Tell me about fybromyalgia	are you looking for a dealer in a specific location	False
Tell me information about computer programming.	do you want to know how to do computer programming	True
Give me espn sports information.	do you want information about espn sports programming in languages other than english	True
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	would you like to know how iron is mined	False
Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	what brand of electronic skeet shoot are you inquiring about	True
Find information on ontario california airport.	would you like directions from your location	True
Tell me about ron howard.	are you looking for ron howard biographies	True
Tell me about Korean language.	would you like to see charts about vldl levels	False
Find information about the secret garden.	do you need to get a part of a wilson antenna	False
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	would you like to know about health problems that arise from exposure to asbestos	False
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	do you need help finding a vet that treats lymphoma in dogs	False
Tell me about the sit and reach test.	do you want to purchase a box to measure with	True
figs	would you like to know the climate figs are found in	True
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	do you want information on arizona wildlife	True
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	would you like to know about butter and margarine making process	False
I'm looking for a wedding budget calculator	are you interested in a service for wedding budgeting	True
tell me about bart sf	are you taking the bart from san francisco international airport	True
Tell me more about satilies	are you referring to satellite imagery on google maps	True
all men are created equal	which use of that quote are you interested in	True
Find information about flushing.	are you referring to flushing new york	True
Tell me about ps 2 games?	are you looking for ps 2 games prices	True
Information about east ridge high school.	are you looking for a specific web site	True
I'm looking for information on dieting	would you like a list of area doctors that can give professional advice on dieting	True
How to change the toilet in the house	are you looking for lyrics from the songs from the music man	False
Tell me more about dnr	are you referring to the the department of natural resources in maryland	True
tell me about ct jobs	are you looking for listings with a particular skill set	True
I'm interested in InuYasha	would you like to see inuyasha manga	True
tell me about tangible personal property tax	is this tangible personal property tax just for you	True
Tell me about black history.	are you interested in recent news headlines from kansas city mo	False
Find information on raised gardens.	do you need information on best climate for specific plants	True
Tell me more about satilies	do you want to figure out the benefits of satellite tv over cable tv	True
tell me about rice?	are you looking for a specific recipe	True
What are signs of a heartattack?	is someone you know experiencing a heart attack	True
Where can I find information about forearm pain?	are you looking for doctors that treat forearm pain	True
tell me about bart sf	for what route are you seeking information	True
Find information about elliptical trainer	are you looking for information of where to buy a elliptical trainer	True
Tell me more on health clubs in Arkansas	would you like to take a zuma class at arkadelphia health club	True
What should I know about the civil war	is there a certain state that you are interested in seeing battles for	True
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	do you need information about a volvo dealership	False
Find information about the secret garden.	is the secret garden a book you are interested in	True
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	do you want to visit culpeper national cemetery	True
I'm looking for flame designs	do you need directions to your local vet	False
Tell me about the sit and reach test.	do you want general information about the test	True
tell me about wilson antenna	where are you looking to mount the antenna	True
What is Fickle Creek Farm	would you like to know where fickle creek farm is on a map	True
Give me air travel information.	would you like more info on tsa guidelines	True
I'm interested in mothers day songs	is there a certain genre of music you prefer	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	do you want to know where worms come from	False
tell me about cass county missouri	are you interested in a list of homes for sale in cass county	True
I'm looking for flame designs	the history of flame design	True
Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	do you need their homepage	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	what is the heart rate youre looking to achieve	False
Tell me about source of the nile	do you want to know the name of the source	True
I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	do you want to know the nearest vet that can help	True
Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	are you looking for furniture for a specific room	True
What are specific dangers of asbestos?	do you need to book a dj for an event	False
I'm looking for information on hobby stores	do you want to know hours of operation	True
what is the best long term care insurance	would you like to know the age should to start buying best long term care insurance	True
Tell me about vanuatu	are you interested in the location of vanuatu	True
Information about raffles	are you interested in raffles in which one can enter and win	True
What should I know about the civil war	are you looking for a union victory	True
What is yahoo	are you interested in the music from inuyasha	False
Give me information on OCD.	are you looking for treatment for ocd	True
Tell me about Korean language.	vldl and ldl are both considered types of bad cholesterol	False
What are specific dangers of asbestos?	are you interested in learning about the symptoms associated with asbestos poisioning	True
When can I see Churchil Downs	are you looking for more information about churchill downs	True
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	what are your requirments	True
How to cook pork tenderlion	would you like to know where to purchase a pork tenderloin	True
Find information about penguins.	is there a specific material it needs to be made from wood cement tin	False
I'm looking for information on hobby stores	what kind of train are you looking for	True
How should I use the septic system design	do you need maps for arizona hunting and fishing	False
tell me about iron	are you looking for iron metal products	True
Find me information about the Ritz Carlton Lake Las Vegas.	are you looking for any specific games to play there	True
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	do you want to attend the indiana state fair	True
Is Kenmore heater good	are you looking for a specific representative in relation to the company	False
Tell me about Korean language.	would you like to take a survey on your cholesterol	False
Tell me information about a sore throat.	would you like to see pictures of a sore throat	True
What to do in Arkansas	is your search referring to a condition of the neck	False
Find information about flushing.	do you want to know the status of your return	False
I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	do you want to know the cost of treatment	True
Tell me more about dnr	would you like to know where you can get cpr certified	True
Tell me about cell phones.	do you want to know how much it costs to stay here	False
Find information about atari	would you like to see reviews for website hosting and design companies	False
what is the best long term care insurance	are you looking for reviews of hotels	False
tell me about ct jobs	do you want to know more about jobs in connecticut	True
Tell me about civil war battles in South Carolina	would you like to see a picture of a map of the civil war battle sites in south carolina	True
how to hire disc jockey	do you need directions to culpeper national cemetery	False
Find information about penguins.	would you like to buy a book about this topic	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	do you want to know more about the bellevue washington local government	True
Find Brooks Brothers clearance.	are you interested in brooks brothers clearance shirts	True
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	are you interested in learning about a presidents power	True
Tell me about avp	do you want a spell check for avp	True
I'm interested in InuYasha	are you looking for stores to buy ps 2 games from	False
Tell me about Barbados.	would you like a map of barbados	True
Tell me about american military university.	do you want a jax chemical company coupon	False
what is the best long term care insurance	do you need help finding your new york hotel	False
Tell me more about satilies	are you referring to satellite imagery on google maps	True
tell me about tangible personal property tax	would you like to know more about what would occur if the supervolcano underneath yellowstone national park errupted	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	do you want to access yahoo mail	False
Tell me about Bellevue.	do you want to know more about the bellevue washington local government	True
Tell me about of Ralph Owen Brester.	may i provide you with information regarding when ralph owen brewster died and cause of death	True
What to do in Arkansas	do you want to know how to get to arkansas	True
Tell me about atypical squamous cells	do you want to see how common it it	True
What is equal opportunity employer?	are you looking for specific information regarding an equal opportunity employer	True
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	which one of the current 893 essential songs do you like	False
I'd like to learn about moths	do you need to see a picture of moth	True
Information about bobcat	are you intereted in the diet of bobcats	True
Find me information about diabetes education	diabetes education regarding children or adults	True
Info on dog heat?	would you like information about the alternatives to violence project	False
When can I see Churchil Downs	which part of churchill downs are you interested in knowing more about	True
Find me information about the Last Supper painting.	do you want to know the location of the last supper painting	True
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	would you like to see reviews for website hosting and design companies	True
what is the best long term care insurance	when do you expect to need coverage to begin	True
Information about raffles	are you interested in raffles hotels and resorts	True
What is martha stewart and imclone?	are you looking for specific information about martha stewart and imcones age	True
tell me about wilson antenna	what kind of wilson antenna are you interested in	True
I'm looking for a wedding budget calculator	would you like to find an app for wedding budgeting	True
I'm looking for a wedding budget calculator	did you want to see a wedding budget based on your income	True
Find information about penguins.	would you like to buy some stuff related pittsburgh penguins	True
Tell me about kansas city mo	are you interested in job openeings in kansas city mo	True
Find information about the gs pay rate	do you want to know how to take care of it	False
Tell me about avp	do you want an acronym meanining for avp	True
tell me about idaho state flower	do you want a crossword puzzle about idaho	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	do you need to know how to trun a grill on	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	are you looking for a grill for grilling food	True
I'm looking for keyboard reviews	would you like information on this years keyboards	True
I'm interested in InuYasha	are you looking for ps 2 games prices	False
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	is your search referring to a condition of the neck	True
How to register dmv in va?	are you searching for required documentation for vehicle registration	True
Find information about flushing.	do you want to know why your face is flushing	True
Where can I find information about forearm pain?	does your forearm hurt from sports	True
Tell me about Pocono	have you been to the poconos before	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	are you referring to the pastor	True
I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	do you want to learn about the law	True
I'm looking for flame designs	do you want realistic or cartoonish designs	True
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	do you want to know the cost of treatment	False
Tell me more about Rocky Mountain News	are you interested in news archives	True
I'd like to learn about joints	do you have joint pain	True
Tell me about vines for shade.	do you want to knwo vest vines for shade	True
What is California Franchise Tax Board	would you like to know more about writing interview thank you letters	False
How is identifying spider bites?	would you like to see pictures to help you identify types of spider bites	True
Tell me about vines for shade.	are you interested in what the the company imclone does	False
Tell me about Pocono	would you like to know more about pocono raceway	True
tell me about cass county missouri	do you have travel plans	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	are you looking for the definition to lipoma	True
tell me about tangible personal property tax	are you looking for a specific web site	False
Find information on Porterville.	do you want to know about indoor or outdoor grilling	False
What is yahoo	how much do you need to lower your heart rate	False
I'm looking for information on hobby stores	do you want stores with physical locations or online stores	True
Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	are you looking for a hotel inside disneyland	True
Tell me information about a sore throat.	do you want to know the size of the indiana state fairgrounds	False
I'm interested in mothers day songs	are you curious about rock and gem shows	False
What to do in Arkansas	are you looking for a specific website	False
What is California Franchise Tax Board	what about an interview do you need help with	False
I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	do you need info on jax chemical company	True
I'm looking for information on VLDL levels	would you like a recommendation on nearby doctors who check cholesteral levels	True
Tell me about designer dog breeds.	will you like to know the most popular dog	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you looking for the college	True
I'm looking for information on hurricane Irene flooding in manville nj	are you trying to buy flood insurance	True
Tell me information about a sore throat.	are you looking for a diet to help manage fibromyalgia	False
How to change the toilet in the house	are you interested in the music man	False
I'm interested in InuYasha	are you interested in the list of inuyasha characters	True
How do I get my free annual credit report?	do you want to know the history	False
Tell me about Bellevue.	arey you conerned about someones face becoming red	False
Tell me about Bellevue.	do you want to know about worm castings	False
tell me about idaho state flower	do you want a crossword puzzle about idaho	True
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	would you like to know how butter and margarine are used in recipes	False
Find me information about PVC	are you interested in how pvc is made	True
How can I adopt a dog	are you willing to adopt a shelter dog	True
Give me espn sports information.	do you want information about a specific espn sports program	True
What can I do in sherwood regional library	do you want to find a book	True
I'd like to learn about joints	would you like to know about home remedies for joint pain	True
Tell me about atypical squamous cells	are you interested in atypical squamous cells in urine	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	would you like to know what causes lipoma tumors	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	are you trying to locate the causes for lipoma	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	would you like to see a price range for gmat prep classes	True
Where can I find cheap internet	do you already have a phone service	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	are you seeing if rick warren is still alive	True
Tell me about Barbados.	would you like to know where barbados is	True
Find information on raised gardens.	do you need information on materials needed	True
how to build a fence?	are you looking for fencebuilding materials	True
Where can I find cheap internet	or maybe free internet	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	are you looking for reviews of gmat prep classes	True
discovery channel store	would you like to know about iron deficiencies	False
TV on computer	are you looking for any specific information on bowflex power pro	False
tell me about cass county missouri	are you looking for places to eat in cass county missouri	True
Tell me about Pocono	do you want to know the latest weather updates for pocono mountains	True
Tell me more about Rocky Mountain News	do you want historical or recent news events	True
Find information about penguins.	what kind of penguin are you looking for	True
I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	are you seaching for east ridge high school community education	False
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	do you need information on residential or business	True
figs	are you interested in a pressure distributon design 2 feet of absorbant soil	False
Tell me about Afganistan.	do you want to know the weather of a specific city in afghanistan	True
Find information about penguins.	would you like to see penguins of madagascar	True
I'm looking for keyboard reviews	are you needing wireless or wired keyboard reviews	True
Find me information about diabetes education	what are you trying to learn about diabetes	True
Tell me about ps 2 games?	is the ps 2 games for a child or an adult	True
Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	do you want to pay a bill	True
Tell me about avp	do you want to know the term length of a us president	False
Information about east ridge high school.	would you like diretions to arkadeliphia health club	False
Tell me about kansas city mo	are you interested in learning how to read your credit report	False
How to change the toilet in the house	are you looking for the script for the music man	False
Information about east ridge high school.	do you need the address of east ridge high school	True
Find information about Mitchell College.	are you referring to alien vs predator	False
Where can I find cheap internet	are you interested in lowcost internet providers	True
I'm looking for universal animal cuts reviews	why are you looking to add supplements to your diet	True
Tell me about american military university.	do you need info on jax chemical company	False
Find me reviews of the les Miserables.	would you like highly rated reviews	True
What is yahoo	are you looking for specific fanrelated information	False
tell me about cass county missouri	is there any important documents youre trying to access	True
figs	are you interested in recipes you can make with figs fresh or dried	True
tell me about UNC	do you need information on the speeds available in your area	False
Tell me about Bellevue.	do you want to know how many different types of worms there are	False
where can I buy a trombone?	what is the tax rate for the state you are in	False
Find information on ontario california airport.	would you like to buy tickets to california	True
tell me about iron	are you looking for any specific information about the birds	False
I'd like to learn about joints	are you speaking about the human body or a mechanical part	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	do you need to contact yahoo	False
discovery channel store	is there any specific type of product on your mind	True
What is martha stewart and imclone?	do you want information about espn sports personalities	False
tell me about iron	would you like to know about iron deficiencies	True
How to change the toilet in the house	are you looking for a specific job or the job search site	False
where can I buy a trombone?	would you like to find out how much you owe	False
What to do in Arkansas	are you interested in barbados flag	False
Tell me about cell phones.	would you like an unlocked phone	True
Tell me about avp	would you rather read some reviews about avp antivirus	True
I'm interested in mothers day songs	are you looking album called mothers days songs	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you referring to bellevue washington	True
Find information on French Lick Resort and Casino.	would you like to be hired by french lick casino and resort	True
Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	do you want the contact info for alexian brothers hospital	True
Find information on Porterville.	are you looking for attractions near porterville	True
what are the seven deadly sins	do you mean the traditional ones or the seven deadly sins of something else	True
I’m looking for information on worm	are you interested in the computer game worms	True
Find information about the gs pay rate	what gs pay scale are you looking for	True
Tell me about black history.	are you interested in history in the united states	True
I'm interested in mothers day songs	are you looking for a particular artist	True
What are specific dangers of asbestos?	are you looking for djs in your area	False
What is Fickle Creek Farm	would you like to know the address of mayo clinic jacksonville fl	False
Tell me about Obama family tree.	would you like to know the political positions ralph owen brewster held	False
How should I use the septic system design	are you interested in a standard gravity type of design 3 feet of absorbant soil	True
Tell me about designer dog breeds.	do you want to know unusual designer dog breeds	True
figs	would you like to know more about growing figs	True
What is yahoo	would you like to watch an inuyasha movie	False
Find information about elliptical trainer	are you looking for a specific website	False
Find information about Mitchell College.	would you like to know about the admission procedure of mitchel college	True
Looking for information about the Orange County Convention Center	do you want to know their hours of operation	True
Tell me about kids earth day activities	are you looking for activities that involve plants	True
Find information about the secret garden.	do you have questions about the wilson antenna warrenty	False
Tell me about kansas city mo	are you looking for a specific web site	True
what are continental plates	are you looking for information on plate tectonics and the lithosphere	True
Find information about elliptical trainer	would you like information on how gps works	False
Find information about Mitchell College.	are you looking for mitchell colleges course catelog	True
Find information about the secret garden.	are you looking for wilson antenna parts	False
I'm interested in dinosaurs	would you like diretions to arkadeliphia health club	False
Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	would you like to read reviews about michworks	False
how to build a fence?	are you referring to bellevue washington	False
figs	are you trying to find a contractor	False
what are continental plates	are you referencing earthquake activity	True
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	would you like to know irons atomic number or mass	False
Tell me about of Ralph Owen Brester.	would you like to see the most effective methods of gmat prep	False
Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	what specific type of electronic skeet shoot are you interested in	True
I want to learn about rock art.	are you looking for examples of rock art	True
I'm looking for keyboard reviews	what brand of keyboards are you looking for	True
Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	what is the doctors name at this facility that you want	True
What is yahoo	would you like to see inuyasha manga	False
I need information about the University of Phoenix.	is there any specific information that you need about online courses held by university of phoenix	True
What is Madagascar known for?	would you like to know what they are known for exporting	True
I'm looking for information on VLDL levels	would you like information about cholesterol reports	True
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	do you want to compare prices for website hosting and design	True
tell me about rice?	do you want to know how rice is grown	True
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	do you want to learn about our president	True
Tell me about fybromyalgia	are you looking for symptoms of fibromyalgia	True
What to do in Arkansas	would you like a map of barbados	False
I'm looking for flame designs	are you looking for avp beach volleyball	False
Tell me about hotels in New York.	would you like to directions to kansas city	False
Find information about penguins.	are you using this around the yard	False
Give me information on OCD.	are you looking for a definition of ocd	True
I'm looking for information on dieting	are you looking for dieting tips	True
Tell me information about a sore throat.	do you need directions to the indiana state fairgrounds	False
Tell me more about dnr	would you like to fill an application for a hunting licence	True
Find information on Porterville.	are you looking for a hotel near porterville	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	do you want to know how yahoo is performing as a business	False
How can one can become highway patrol	are you interested in knowing the avergae salary of an employee of the tennessee highway patrol	True
I'd like to learn about moths	are you wondering where to find moths	True
tell me about cass county missouri	are you interested in a list of homes for sale in cass county	True
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	do you want guidelines on how to ace an inteview	False
Tell me about fybromyalgia	are you looking for symptoms of fibromyalgia	True
I’m looking for the music man.	do you need tickets for the music man	True
Tell me about black history.	are you interested in history in the united states	True
What are specific dangers of asbestos?	are you looking to find a djs website	False
Tell me about avp	would you like to know about the alien versus predator movie	True
Find me information about the Last Supper painting.	what is your purpose for searching for the last supper painting	True
discovery channel store	are you looking for a certain store location	True
Tell me about ps 2 games?	diabetes education regarding children or adults	False
Find me information about PVC	may i provide you medical definition of premature ventricular contractions	True
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	what price range are you looking for	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	are you experiencing a heart attack	False
tell me about diversity	are you looking for educational materials about diversity	True
Tell me more about HP mini 2140	do you want to know their hours of operation	False
Tell me about Pocono	are you looking for the information about split rock restore	True
Tell me information about Volvo.	which part of volvo are you interested in	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	do you need to know the next arkansas game time	False
Tell me about Barbados.	would you like a map of barbados	True
who invented music	is there any specific music genre you are interested in	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	would you like directions to flushing new york	False
Tell me about Afganistan.	do you want to know the leaders of afghanistan	True
tell me about rice?	are you looking for recipes that include rice	True
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	are you looking for a list of foods that are a good source of iron	False
Where can I buy pressure washers?	do you need a pressure washer shipped directly	True
Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	are you looking for flame designs for a tattoo	False
Where should I order dog clean-up bags	would you like to do online shopping	True
How is identifying spider bites?	are you looking for the difference between insect bites and spider bites	True
I'm interested in InuYasha	are you interested in inuyasha cosplay	True
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	do you want to know how to use the bowflex power pro	True
What is yahoo	how would you like to lower your heart rate	False
Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	are you looking for directions to a disneyland hotel	True
Tell me information about a sore throat.	are you looking for some medication	True
Take me to the current.	are you interested in the current fm channel	True
Tell me information about Volvo.	do you want to know how old rick warren is	False
Tell me about kansas city mo	would you like to see a listing for hotels in kansas city	True
I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	do you want to know the responsibilities of a paralegal	True
How can one can become highway patrol	do you need the number of patrols cars used by the tn highway patrol	True
Information about bobcat	are you interested in american bobcats	True
Find information on Porterville.	are you wanting directions to porterville	True
I’m interested in old coins	would you like information on the worth of coins	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	do you have any medical conditions	False
discovery channel store	are you looking for locations	True
tell me about tangible personal property tax	do you want to know what the current uplift is at yellowstone national park	False
Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	are you looking for bedroom furniture	True
What is Fickle Creek Farm	are you looking for a place which sales products from fickle creek farm	True
I’m interested in civil right movement	which countrys civil rights movement are you interested in	True
Tell me about avp	would you like stock information for avon products incorporated	True
What are signs of a heartattack?	do you think the best long term care insurance is right for you	False
Tell me about weather stripping	would you like to know what a weather strip is	True
I'm looking for information on common schizophrenia drugs	did you want to know the medication names of common schizophrenia drugs	True
Tell me about avp	are you referring to alien vs predator	True
I'm looking for information on duchess county tourism	are you interested in the farm fresh tours	True
Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	do you need any specific tips on decoration	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	how much do you need to lower your heart rate	False
Find me information about diabetes education	which type of diabetes do you want to learn about	True
I'm looking for universal animal cuts reviews	did universal animal cuts work for you	True
Information about east ridge high school.	are you looking for a store that sells trombones near you	False
Find Brooks Brothers clearance.	would you like to learn about brooks brothers clearance sales	True
Tell me about avp	are you looking for a specific web site	True
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	which treatments are you looking for at mayo clinic jacksonville fl	True
I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	are you looking for treatment options	True
I'd like to learn about moths	do you need to identify a moth	True
what are continental plates	are you looking for a map of continental plates	True
I'm looking for keyboard reviews	are you interested in electronic keyboard reviews	True
I’m looking for the music man.	do you want to know the actors in the music man	True
What is yahoo	are you interested in inuyasha wiki activity	False
Find information on hip fractures	are you referring to the injury	True
I'd like to learn about moths	do you need any specific information for controlling moths	True
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	are you looking for a dealer in a specific location	False
Tell me about cell phones.	would you like to read some reviews	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	how would you like to lower your heart rate	False
Tell me information about Volvo.	are you wanting to see videos by the pastor	False
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	what type of website do you need	True
what is the best long term care insurance	are you interested in comparing coverage prices	True
Looking for information about the Orange County Convention Center	are you looking for events	True
Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	what brand of electronic skeet shoot are you inquiring about	True
I need information about the University of Phoenix.	do you need contact information for the university of phoenix	True
Tell me more about satilies	are you inquiring about satellite tv	True
How can I quick smoking	are you looking for side effects of quitting smoking	True
Looking for information about the Orange County Convention Center	do you want to know a phone number to call	True
Tell me more about dnr	do you mean do not resuscitate	True
Give me espn sports information.	where in pocono are you interested in	False
How do I get my free annual credit report?	do you want to know how to obtain someones credit report	True
What is Fickle Creek Farm	do you want to know the location of fickle creek farm	True
Give me information on OCD.	are you looking for documentaries of people who live with ocd	True
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	do you need the address of culpeper national cemetery	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	would you like to find foods that will lower your heart rate	False
How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	would you like to know more about writing interview thank you letters	True
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	would you like to see news about culpeper national cemetary	True
Is Kenmore heater good	do you need any specific information about pnl	False
Where can I find information about forearm pain?	are you looking for treatments to forearm pain	True
How do I get my free annual credit report?	would you like to know how to sign up for internet phone service	False
I'm looking for flame designs	are you looking for flame designs for a tattoo	True
I'd like to learn about joints	what specific joint are you interested in	True
What are specific dangers of asbestos?	do you want to know the price to hire a dj	False
I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	what type of problem are you having with the hp mini 2140	False
all men are created equal	what else do you want to learn about the quote	True
Tell me about american military university.	what degree in particular would you like to know more about from the american military unviersity	True
What was electoral college 2008 results?	do you want to know the candidates for the 2008 results as well	True
Tell me more about satilies	do you want to know more about the technology behind satellites	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	would you like to know more about kagome higurashi	False
I’m looking for blue throated hummingbird	do you want to learn more about how blue throated hummingbirds mate	True
discovery channel store	are you looking for a deadliest catch product	True
Tell me about scooters.	are you trying to change scooter oil	True
How do I get my free annual credit report?	would you like to know how internet phone service works	False
Tell me about scooters.	will this be for an adult or child	True
I'm interested in InuYasha	are you interested in the list of inuyasha characters	True
Find information about the wall	are you interested in downloading the album the wall	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	are you referring to the company or the term do not resuscitate	False
Looking for information about the Orange County Convention Center	are you looking for the convention center in florida	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	do you want more informaiton about grilling vegtables	True
butter and margarine	are you traveling	False
I’m looking for the music man.	are you looking for information on the music man musical	True
I need information about the University of Phoenix.	are you looking for a specific place here	False
Tell me about the sit and reach test.	are you trying to determine how well you did	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	are you looking for reviews of gmat prep classes	True
Find information about the gs pay rate	do you want to see images of the idaho state flower	False
Find information on Porterville.	are you wanting directions to porterville	True
Tell me information about Volvo.	do you know someone named rick warren	False
I'm looking for information on VLDL levels	a total cholesterol of 180 to 200 mgdl 10 to 111 mmoll or less is considered best levels between 70 and 189 mgdl 39 and 105 mmoll are most often considered too high	True
Tell me about fybromyalgia	is there something you need to know about this condition	True
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	are you looking to buy an iron for your clothes	False
tell me about UNC	are you interested in price comparison of packages	False
I’m interested in civil right movement	do you want to know about specific key people	True
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	do you need to apply for food stamps in iowa	False
Find information about the gs pay rate	do you want a crossword puzzle about idaho	False
Find me information about the sales tax in Illinois.	what classification would you like to know the tax rate for	True
I'd like to learn about moths	do you need to identify a moth	True
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	would you like a list of websites that show workouts for elliptical trainers	False
How do I get my free annual credit report?	are you looking for flights to vanuatu	False
What are the best recepies for grilling	are you looking for gas grill instruction	True
Give me information about tribe formerly living in alabama	would you like a list of news articles	True
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	would you like to register a domain name	True
what are the popular jobs in Michigan	are you looking for michworks career information	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	are you referring to a medical condition for your pet	True
Tell me about of Ralph Owen Brester.	are you interested in learning more about ralph owen brewseter	True
i will survive lyrics	do you want to see other songs about survival	True
I want to learn about rock art.	would you like to know anything specific about rock music	True
Tell me about ron howard.	do you want to know how old ron howard is	True
Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	do you want to know the latest weather updates for pocono mountains	False
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	what activities in dutchess county were you interested in	False
TV on computer	would you like to see specs on this equipment	False
Tell me about Korean language.	are you trying to learn the korean language	True
Tell me about weather stripping	would you like to compare different weather stripping products	True
What is yahoo	would any specific game interest you	False
Tell me about ps 2 games?	are you looking for stores to buy ps 2 games from	True
Find information about elliptical trainer	are you interested in how gps was orginally made	False
Where can I find information about forearm pain?	do you have forearm pain from lifting	True
tell me about wilson antenna	what kind of wilson antenna are you interested in	True
Tell me about sonoma county medical services.	is there a specific program you are looking for	True
Tell me about cell phones.	what location would you like to search for dogs in	False
How can I quick smoking	are you wondering how other people have quit smoking	True
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	do you want to see cookbooks for grilling	False
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	are you looking to subsitute butter and margarine	False
tell me about iron	are there specific jobs you are looking for	False
Tell me about american military university.	are you looking for a specific web page	True
I'm interested in InuYasha	which ps 2 game genres are you interested in	False
Find information about elliptical trainer	are you willing to adopt a shelter dog	False
Find information on raised gardens.	do you want to know how to create a raised garden	True
Tell me about ps 2 games?	are you looking for diet information	False
What can I do in sherwood regional library	would you like to know why some scientists think the yellowstone volcano is in the process of dying	False
Find information about penguins.	are you interested in a specific type of penguin	True
Information about east ridge high school.	are you looking for information about the sports facilities at the school	True
Tell me about Korean language.	would you like to know more about ldl	False
Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	would you like to know more about what would occur if the supervolcano underneath yellowstone national park errupted	True
Find information about flushing.	are you interested in ways to fix problems flushing the toilet	True
Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	do you need to apply for food stamps in iowa	True
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	are you looking for the brands of butter and margarine	False
I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	do you want a list of firms that are currently hiring paralegals	True
Find me information on sat	do you need sat study materials	True
Tell me about american military university.	would you like to know more about its history	True
what are the popular jobs in Michigan	can i provide you information about frances hodgson burnett	False
What are specific dangers of asbestos?	are you referring of the dangers of asbestos in new or old houses	True
How can one can become highway patrol	are you interested in who is in charge of the tn highway patrol	True
Tell me about designer dog breeds.	do you want to know what the most popular designer dog breeds there are	True
how to build a fence?	are you looking for the college	False
Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	would you like the instructions for electronic skeet shoot	True
Tell me about weather stripping	are you interested in history in the united states	False
Info on dog heat?	would you like information about the association of volleyball professionals	False
I’m interested in old coins	are you looking to purchase old or collector coins	True
tell me about uss yorktown charleston SC	what type of accomodations are you looking for	True
I’m looking for blue throated hummingbird	would you like to know where you can find them	True
butter and margarine	are you interested in satellite maps	False
tell me about iron	do you want to hear about the pittsburgh penguins	False
How to change the toilet in the house	are you trying to fix your toilet	True
What is equal opportunity employer?	would you like to know if your company adheres to equal opportunity employment	True
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	would you like to see pictures of a sore throat	False
How to get organised?	are you interested in playing online games	False
Tell me about atypical squamous cells	do you want to see how common it it	True
Find information about the sun.	are you looking for a history of solar eclipses	True
Tell me about fybromyalgia	what year of volvo do you need information about	False
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	are you referring to lipomassage	True
Find information about the secret garden.	would you like to know more about the short story by g k chesterton	True
Tell me about fybromyalgia	do you need to know the cause of it	True
What to do in Arkansas	are you interested in barbados	False
Find me information on sat	would you like to know about the most recent satellite sent into orbit	True
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	do you want more informaiton about grilling vegtables	False
How can I quick smoking	are you having trouble quitting somking	True
Find information on Porterville.	are you interested in schools in poterville	True
Find me information about the sales tax in Illinois.	what classification would you like to know the tax rate for	True
Tell me about madam cj walker	would you like to see facts about madam cj walkers early life	True
tell me about tangible personal property tax	would you like to find out how much you owe	True
tell me about uss yorktown charleston SC	what type of activity are you looking for	True
Tell me about of Ralph Owen Brester.	are you looking for gmat prep classes near you	False
I'm looking for information on dieting	would you like to know more about dieting products for weight loss	True
I’m interested in civil right movement	do you want the history of the civil right movement	True
Tell me about vanuatu	is your question about tourism in vanuatu	True
What is martha stewart and imclone?	do you want to know if martha stweart works for the company	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	would you like directions to flushing new york	False
Tell me about scooters.	would you like to explore more on scooters	True
Find information about the gs pay rate	would you like to know what the idaho sate flower is	False
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	is there any specific information that you would like to know about employment requirements at pnl	True
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	do you need technical support related to your service	True
I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	are you interested in a specific type of product	True
Information about bobcat	would you like to know the location of the headquarters of the company bobcat	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you looking for bellevue baptist church	True
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	do you need maps for arizona hunting and fishing	True
Tell me about Korean language.	are you looking for korean language symbols	True
Find information about penguins.	do you want to know about railroads	False
How to change the toilet in the house	do you want to know the cast of the music man	False
Tell me about avp	would you rather read some reviews about avp antivirus	True
I'm looking for information on dieting	what kinds of specialized diets are you interested in	True
Find condos in Florida.	what area is florida are you interested in	True
tell me about rice?	do you want to know how to cook with rice	True
Where can I find cheap internet	what companies have the lowestcost internet service	True
tell me about wilson antenna	would you like to read some reviews of wilson antennas	True
all men are created equal	what else do you want to learn about the quote	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	any specific company on your mind	True
How can one can become highway patrol	are you interested in how much a patrol officer makes per year	True
Find me information about PVC	would you like to know about premature ventricular contractions medical treatments	True
Find information about atari	are you interested in atari games or information about the brand	True
Find me information on sat	do you need more information about the sat test	True
Tell me more about dnr	would you like the latest news of barbados	False
Tell me more about Rocky Mountain News	who do you want to find news reported by	True
I'm interested in InuYasha	are you interested in playing ps 2 games on other consoles such as playstation 3 and playstation 4	False
Give me information on OCD.	do you want to know more about the different types of ocd	True
Find information about tornadoes	are you interested in tornado disasters	True
What are signs of a heartattack?	do you think the best long term care insurance is right for you	False
What is Fickle Creek Farm	would you like to know more about the mayo clinic facilities and services	False
tell me about rock and gem shows	would you like a list of dinosaur movies	False
Tell me about cell phones.	what adoption agency or shelter would you like to use	False
tell me about tangible personal property tax	can i tell you about the north american plate that moves causing the eventual destruction of the volcano in yellowstone park	False
How to change the toilet in the house	are you looking for toilet cleaners	True
tell me about tangible personal property tax	would you like to know more about geothermal activities at yellowstone national park	False
where can I buy a trombone?	are you reffering to the federal or state tax	False
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	do you want to compare prices for website hosting and design	True
Tell me information about computer programming.	do you need any specific information about its job market	True
Tell me more on Kansas city railroad	are you interested in the computer game worms	False
Info on dog heat?	are you interested in pet health supplies	True
Tell me about Barbados.	are you interested in treatments for hip fractures	False
what is the best long term care insurance	are you interested in comparing coverage prices	True
Tell me about the sit and reach test.	do you want to know who should take the test	True
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	do you want to know the city where the indiana state fairgrounds are located	True
Tell me about Neil Young.	do you want information on his death	True
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	are you interested in the farm fresh tours	False
Tell me about vanuatu	is your question about tourism in vanuatu	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	would you like to compare specific ps 2 games	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	what would you like to know about yahoo	False
tell me about rice?	do you need instructions for cooking rice	True
how to hire disc jockey	would you like to know the history of the bowflex power pro	False
What is yahoo	shall i take you to any specific pages of yahoo web site	True
I'm looking for information on dieting	how fast would you like to lose weight	True
I'm looking for information on dieting	are you looking for dieting that involves no medications	True
butter and margarine	are you looking for the history of butter and margarine	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	do you want to know about grilling meat	True
what are continental plates	do you need an exact definition	True
Find information about penguins.	are you interested in a specific type of penguin	True
Tell about an adobe indian house?	do you want to learn how an adobe indian house is made	True
Tell me about ron howard.	do you want to know how old ron howard is	True
Tell me about black history.	how far back do you want to learn about black history	True
What are signs of a heartattack?	are you looking for black history figures	False
How to register dmv in va?	do you want to know the hours of operation	False
When can I see Churchil Downs	are you interested in the racing schedule	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	are you interested in the list of inuyasha characters	False
Tell me about vines for shade.	do you want to know if you can grow vines in shade	True
Tell me more on health clubs in Arkansas	do you want to check out a certain book or see if it is available	False
Tell me about fybromyalgia	would you like to know what are their most popular vehicles	False
Tell me more about dnr	would you like to know how far barbados is	False
Tell me about Barbados.	would you like the latest news of barbados	True
tell me about rock and gem shows	are you looking for a specific web site about dinosaurs	False
I'm interested in dinosaurs	would like a review of arkadelphia health club	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	do you want to know how yahoo is performing as a business	False
How can I lower my heart rate?	are you interested in a certain inuyasha character	False
Find information about flushing.	would you like to know about the plumbing mechanisms of flushing	True
Tell me about Korean language.	are you looking for nearby classes	True
Child support in Indiana?	do you want to know about a specific indiana child support law	True
Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	do you need requirements for food stamps in iowa	True
What are specific dangers of asbestos?	are you referring of the dangers of asbestos in new or old houses	True
Find information about Mitchell College.	would you like to know about the admission procedure of mitchel college	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	do you want to know how old rick warren is	True
I'm looking for flame designs	what colors do you want to use	True
Give me information about Titan.	do you want to learn more about the show titans	True
Tell me about Pocono	are you interested in figs health benefits	False
Tell me information about Volvo.	are you interested in the size of the company	True
what are the popular jobs in Michigan	do you need need information related to unemployed services in michigan	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	is someone you know experiencing a heart attack	False
how to build a fence?	will this be used as a animal pen	True
Tell me about vines for shade.	do you want to know the best vines for providing shade	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	do you want to access yahoo mail	False
Tell me about Bellevue.	do you want to know more about companies headquartered in bellevue washington	True
Find information on French Lick Resort and Casino.	are you asking what year the company originated	False
Tell me about Barbados.	are you interested in facts about barbados	True
Tell me more about satilies	are you referring to the company called satellite industries inc	True
all men are created equal	would you like to know more about the author	True
Tell me about avp	what year do you want to know the president for	False
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	do you seek further information on lab breeders	True
Tell me about hotels in New York.	are you looking for reviews of hotels	True
Tell me about weather stripping	how far back do you want to learn about black history	False
Tell me information about a sore throat.	are you looking for some medication	True
Find information about elliptical trainer	are you looking for gps accessories	False
I'm looking for information on dieting	are you looking for dieting that involves no medications	True
I'm looking for universal animal cuts reviews	would you like to purchase universal animal cuts	True
tell me about tangible personal property tax	would you like to see a list of states which receive tangible personal property tax	True
Tell me about weather stripping	would you like to know if it is possible to weather strip a car	True
Find information about flushing.	how did you file your previous year taxes	False
tell me about rock and gem shows	are you looking for a dinosaur costume or game	False
What is a 403b?	do need to see any specific information about 403b eligibility	True
Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	are you looking for more information on food stamps in iowa	True
Find information on raised gardens.	do you want to know how to create a raised garden	True
tell me about UNC	are you looking for free internet phone service or are you willing to pay for it	False
I’m interested in old coins	do you want to know the value of old coins	True
tell me about wilson antenna	where are you looking to mount the antenna	True
Tell me about Barbados.	are you referring to lipomassage	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	have you talked to your doctor about heart rate	False
I need information about the University of Phoenix.	are you looking to move here	False
Tell me about Barbados.	would you like to know what causes lipoma tumors	False
Tell me information about Volvo.	are you looking for a specific web site	True
Tell me more about HP mini 2140	do you want to know the price of hp mini 2140	True
tell me about cass county missouri	is there any specific information that you are looking for	True
How do I get my free annual credit report?	are you looking for free internet phone service or are you willing to pay for it	False
Tell me about Obama family tree.	are you interested in seeing barack obamas family	True
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	are you looking for someone to design a site for you or a site that allows you to do it yourself	True
Find information on hip fractures	are you interested in the best priced long term care insurance or best coverage	False
tell me about symptoms of mad cow disease in humans	would you like to hear about treatments	True
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	which model of volvo are you interested in getting information about	False
Find me information about diabetes education	who you be interested in becoming a diabetes educator	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	what size are you looking for	False
Tell me about Barbados.	are you interested in barbados ecology	True
tell me about tangible personal property tax	what makes people think the yellowstone volcano will erupt soon	False
How can I view my internet history?	would you like history from this device alone or would you like history from all devices	True
What is yahoo	would you like to see inuyasha manga	False
I'm looking for flame designs	are you looking for symptoms of dog heat	False
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	do you need an event schedule for the indiana state fairgrounds	True
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	do you need maps for arizona hunting and fishing	True
Find information about the secret garden.	are you interested in visiting a secret garden	True
Tell me about Neil Young.	do you want to listen to his music	True
Find Brooks Brothers clearance.	are you looking to buy a suit	True
Where should I order dog clean-up bags	how many dog lean up bags were you wanting to purchase	True
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	do you need to know all of the locations for french lick resort and casino	False
Where can I find information about forearm pain?	do you have forearm pain when extending your arm	True
Find information about the wall	are you referring to the vietnam veterans memorial wall	True
How should I use the septic system design	would you like the location of the arizona fish and game comission	False
figs	would you like to know more about growing figs	True
Tell me about american military university.	would you like to read some reviews about american military university	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	have you talked to your doctor about heart rate	False
I am looking for sources of used car parts.	would you like directions to the nearest parts store	True
Find information on Porterville.	are you looking for a grill for grilling food	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	do you need to contact yahoo	False
How do you tie a Windsor knot?	what type of instructions are you looking for	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	are you looking for arkansas football	False
Tell me about cell phones.	do you want to book a stay here	False
tell me about rice?	are you looking for recipes that include rice	True
Tell me more on health clubs in Arkansas	would you like to find out how much you owe	False
Find information about Mitchell College.	would you like to know what avp stands for	False
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	are you looking for more information on food stamps in iowa	False
What is yahoo	are you interested in a specific season of inuyasha	False
to be or not to be that is the question	are you referring to the philosopher aristotole	True
How do I get my free annual credit report?	would you like to know about the process of disputing credit report	True
Tell me about scooters.	are you looking for locations that have the scooters	True
What is average charitable donation?	would you like to know which celebrity makes the biggest average charitable donation	True
I'm looking for information on dieting	are you interested in reading more about the health benefits of dieting	True
Find information about flushing.	would you like to see diagrams of how a toilet flushes	True
Information about bobcat	are you interested in knowing where bobcats are located geographically	True
Tell me about Afganistan.	do you want to know about the wars fought in afghanistan	True
I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	in which state are you looking for east ridge high school	False
Tell me more about dnr	would you like the latest news of barbados	False
Find information on Porterville.	are you wanting directions to porterville	True
I'm interested in InuYasha	are you looking for specific products related to getting organized	False
Find information about elliptical trainer	are you interested in different brands of elliptical trainer	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	would you like to know what effects blood pressure and cholesterol	False
How to register dmv in va?	what growing climate do you live in	False
I'm looking for information on hobby stores	is this for a school craft or play	True
tell me about tangible personal property tax	are you reffering to the federal or state tax	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	do you want to know about worms in dogs	False
I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	are you looking for east ridge high school activities	False
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	would you like the arizona state fish and game comissions contact information	True
What is yahoo	would any specific game interest you	False
How to cook pork tenderlion	do you want to know where pork tenderloin comes from	True
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	do you want information on the tax board	False
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	do you need treatment information for lipoma	True
I'd like to learn about joints	would you like to know about woodworking	True
How to change the toilet in the house	are you looking for the current performance of the music man	False
Find me information on sat	would you like to know about the most recent satellite sent into orbit	True
Tell me about avp	would you rather read some reviews about avp antivirus	True
Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	would you want to buy flame design stickers	False
Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	are you looking for flame design tracers	False
How do I get my free annual credit report?	do you want to know the cost of internet phone service	False
Where can I find information about forearm pain?	are you looking for doctors that treat forearm pain	True
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	are you wanting to visit this hospital because of a friend or family	True
I'm looking for information on hobby stores	are you looking for a specific hobby store	True
What can I do in sherwood regional library	would you like to see the hours of the sherwood regional library	True
Give me information about Titan.	do you want to learn more about the show titans	True
How can I adopt a dog	what brand is your toilet	False
Tell me about vanuatu	are you looking for flights to vanuatu	True
Find information on raised gardens.	what type of information about raised gardens are you looking for	True
butter and margarine	would you like to know about butter and margarine making process	True
I'm looking for universal animal cuts reviews	did you want to know if anyone near you has tried it	True
Tell me about avp	are you looking for avp beach volleyball	True
Tell me about madam cj walker	would you like historical information on madam cj walker	True
tell me about idaho state flower	do you have a preference of the casino in french lick	False
tell me about dark chocolate health benefits	are you interested only the list of health benefits of dark chocolate	True
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	would you like to know the history of the bowflex power pro	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	is your search referring to a condition of the neck	True
Tell me about the sit and reach test.	do you want to know what is considered a good score	True
Find me information on sat	do you want to take a sat prep class	True
I’m looking for the music man.	are you looking for a summary of the music man plot	True
I’m looking for information on worm	are you interested in knowing more about a computer worm	True
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	would you like to see information on fishing in arizona	True
Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	are you looking for the alexian brothers lay catholic order	True
Tell me about texas border patrol.	do you want to apply for a job here	True
Where should I order dog clean-up bags	are you looking for a seller near you	True
Find information about penguins.	are you looking for places to buy fencebuilding materials	False
I’m interested in civil right movement	would you like to know when the civil rights movement began	True
Tell me about source of the nile	are you referring to the nile river	True
Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	do you need information about a specific employer	False
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	are you looking for a grill for grilling food	False
to be or not to be that is the question	are you interested in the quote from shakespeare or the quote used in another context	True
Find information about penguins.	are you looking for a specific web page	True
What is yahoo	are you interested in the music from inuyasha	False
Tell me about scooters.	would you like to purchase one or rent it	True
How do I get my free annual credit report?	are you looking for anything specific of a tv show	False
Information about raffles	what kind of raffle are you interested in signing up for	True
Tell me about Obama family tree.	may i tell you about brewsters parents where and when he was born	False
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	do you need directions to culpeper national cemetery	True
Find information about atari	do you want stores selling elliptical trainer	False
What is yahoo	would any specific game interest you	False
What is a 403b?	would you like to see if your employer offers 403b resources	True
Find information about elliptical trainer	would you like to see reviews on elliptical trainers	True
Find information about penguins.	is there a specific material it needs to be made from wood cement tin	False
What to do in Arkansas	are you looking for a specific website	False
Tell me about weather stripping	are you interesting in a certain countrys black history	False
I'm looking for information about South Africa	do you want a map of south africa	True
What is Fickle Creek Farm	do you want to know the location of fickle creek farm	True
Tell me about Pocono	what kind of place would you like to stay at in the poconos	True
What is equal opportunity employer?	do you need information about a specific employer	True
I'm looking for information on dieting	are you interested in reading some inspirational quotations about dieting	True
Find me information on sat	do you need any specific information about sat grades	True
What is yahoo	would you like to see inuyasha manga	False
I’m looking for the music man.	are you looking for the current performance of the music man	True
What are characteristics of Uranus	is there a specific type of fact that you want to know	True
tell me about tangible personal property tax	would you like to know more about geothermal activities at yellowstone national park	False
How do I get my free annual credit report?	do you want information on what is in a credt report	True
tell me about ct jobs	are you looking for jobs in the state of conneticut	True
Tell me about black history.	are you looking for an apartment in kansas city mo	False
Find information about elliptical trainer	do you need directions somewhere	False
Find information about atari	would you like prices of elliptical trainer	False
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	would you like to know how butter and margarine are used in recipes	False
Find me information on sat	do you want to know who grades your sats	True
tell me about uss yorktown charleston SC	what kind of aircrafts would you like to know about	True
Where should I order dog clean-up bags	are you interested in buying some	True
figs	are you interested in an avanced treatment below ground design	False
tell me about UNC	what part of unc do you want info on	True
Find information on Porterville.	are you looking for gas grill instruction	False
I'm looking for information on VLDL levels	what would you like to know about vldl levels	True
I’m looking for information on worm	do you wish to take a korean language test	False
How can I adopt a dog	would you like to how to adopt a dog	True
what are continental plates	do you also need information about oceanic plates	True
tell me about iron	would you like to figure out iron alloys used to make stainless steel	True
What is yahoo	do you have high blood pressure	False
Tell me about designer dog breeds.	do you want to know unusual designer dog breeds	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	would you like to know about david thompson	False
I’m looking for the music man.	are you looking for the alexian brothers lay catholic order	False
How to change the toilet in the house	would you like to know the best way to clean a toilet	True
How do you tie a Windsor knot?	are you looking for step by step instructions on how to do this	True
Give me information about Titan.	are you interested in a specific web page	True
What is California Franchise Tax Board	do you want to go to a djs website	False
Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	are you interested in more about the company	False
What can I do in sherwood regional library	are you looking to reserve a space at the sherwood regional library	True
What is yahoo	what would you like to know about yahoo	True
What is martha stewart and imclone?	do you want to know if martha stweart works for the company	True
What should I know about the civil war	are you looking for a specific battle	True
Find information about tornadoes	are you interested in how tornadoes are formed	True
Tell me information about a sore throat.	do you need directions to the indiana state fairgrounds	False
who invented music	are you looking for the history of classical music	True
Find information on hip fractures	are you interested in treatments for hip fractures	True
Tell me about Pocono	when are you going to the pococnos	True
map	would you like to know what the nile is composed of	False
Information about raffles	are you interested in buying tickets to a raffle	True
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	how much data do you need stored	True
How to change the toilet in the house	do you have a specific toilet brand on your mind	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	would you like directions to flushing new york	False
What are specific dangers of asbestos?	are you requesting information about the dangers of asbestos or the symptoms of associated with asbestos exposure	True
Find information about Mitchell College.	are you looking for mitchell colleges course catelog	True
Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	what colors do you want to use	False
Find information on French Lick Resort and Casino.	would you like to see all listings for casinos in french lick	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	would you like to know why its important to lower your heart rate	False
Tell me about scooters.	do you have a specific brand name on your mind	True
I'm interested in dinosaurs	are you looking for a 24 hour fitness center	False
TV on computer	are you looking for butter and margarine comparison	False
I'm looking for information about South Africa	would you like the history of south africa	True
tell me about rock and gem shows	are you looking for a list of clubs that host rock and gem shows	True
What is martha stewart and imclone?	are you looking for information on a specific sport	False
Tell me about Barbados.	are you interested in the age breakdown of common hip fracture sufferers	False
Tell me about sonoma county medical services.	are you wanting to visit this hospital because of a friend or family	False
Find information on Porterville.	are you looking for a specific place here	True
I’m looking for information on worm	are you looking for information on the life cycle of worms	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	are you planning to run or exercise	False
tell me about iron	are you looking for irons melting point	True
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	do you like to know more about writing thank you notes for an interview	False
Tell me about Korean language.	do you need to apply for a federal tax return online	False
What is yahoo	would any specific game interest you	False
Tell me more on Kansas city railroad	are you interested in pictures of worms	False
How can I adopt a dog	what size is your toilet	False
Tell me information about Volvo.	are looking for reviews on volvo xc90 suv	True
Find me information about PVC	are you looking for methods on how to repair leaks in pvc pipe	True
What is equal opportunity employer?	are you looking for a specific web page	False
What is Fickle Creek Farm	are you looking for a place which sales products from fickle creek farm	True
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	are you interested in grilling equipment	False
How should I use the septic system design	would you like information on arizona wildlife	False
figs	are you looking for information on its maintenance	False
how to build a fence?	do you want to know more about companies headquartered in bellevue washington	False
Tell me about atypical squamous cells	are you interested in atypical squamous cells in urine	True
Tell me about ron howard.	are you interested in ron howards personal life	True
I need information about the University of Phoenix.	do you need the website for the university of phoenix	True
I'm looking for information on duchess county tourism	would you like a map with services or sites of interest listed	False
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	are you referring to lipomassage	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	are you interested in the years inuyasha was shown in tv	False
I'm interested in InuYasha	are you interested in inuyasha cosplay	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you looking for the college	True
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	do you need the address of culpeper national cemetery	True
I'm looking for information on VLDL levels	vldl and ldl are both considered types of bad cholesterol	True
Find information about the wall	are you interested in hearing facts about the proposed border wall	True
Find sewing instructions for me	how experienced are you at sewing	True
Info on dog heat?	would you like to know the symptoms of a dog in heat	True
When can I see Churchil Downs	would you like to know the history of churchill downs	True
TV on computer	would you like to know where to buy one	False
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	are you interested in treatments for hip fractures	False
I want to learn about rock art.	do you want to know how to perform rock art	True
What is yahoo	would you like to know why its important to lower your heart rate	False
tell me about bart sf	are you looking for transit routes to oakland from bart sf	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	do you have high blood pressure	False
butter and margarine	are you looking to subsitute butter and margarine	True
How can I quick smoking	are you having trouble quitting somking	True
Find information on Porterville.	are you referring to the arizona state wildlife department	False
butter and margarine	are you looking to subsitute butter and margarine	True
tell me about idaho state flower	should i provide you with the contact information for french lick resort and casino	False
Find information about the secret garden.	do you have a specific purpose for the antenna	False
When can I see Churchil Downs	do you want to know where churchill downs is located	True
what are the popular jobs in Michigan	are you interested in more about the company	True
Find condos in Florida.	do you want to rent or buy a condo	True
What is yahoo	which episodes of inuyasha would you like to see	False
How to register dmv in va?	would you like hours for va dmv registration	True
Tell me about folk remedies for a sore throat.	are you interested in folk remedies from a specific era	True
Find information about elliptical trainer	what location would you like to search for dogs in	False
butter and margarine	are you looking for a world atlas	False
Find me information on sat	do you want to register to take the sat test	True
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	would you like to know the history of the bowflex power pro	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	are you interested in a specific season of inuyasha	False
I'm interested in dinosaurs	do you want a list of departments within the va dmv registration	False
tell me about rice?	do you want to know where rice originated	True
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	are you referring to a gas grill	False
Find me information about the Ritz Carlton Lake Las Vegas.	are you wanting a room at the ritz carlton in las vegas	True
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	are you trying to compare android to ios	False
Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	are you wondering where disneyland hotels are located	True
I'm looking for information on dieting	what kinds of specialized diets are you interested in	True
I’m looking for blue throated hummingbird	would you like to know about the current population numbers of blue throated hummingbirds	True
Tell me about Korean language.	are you interested in korean language classes	True
Tell me about folk remedies for a sore throat.	are you interested in the folk remedies from a specific countries	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	would you like to know where you can get cpr certified	False
tell me about dark chocolate health benefits	do you want to know where dark chocolate is made	True
Tell me about american military university.	are you interested in a specific type of product	False
map	do you want to know the name of the source	False
What is a 403b?	are you trying to find out the difference between 401k and 403b	True
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	would you like to know the address of mayo clinic jacksonville fl	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	do you know someone named rick warren	True
Tell me about Neil Young.	are you interested in neil youngs history	True
I'd like to learn about joints	are you referring to the joints you roll	True
Tell me information about a sore throat.	do you have a cough as well	True
how to build a fence?	are you looking for fencebuilding materials	True
How do I get my free annual credit report?	would you like to know about credit scores	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	do you want to know how old rick warren is	True
Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	are you looking for more information on food stamps in iowa	True
I'm interested in InuYasha	do you need tips on diy organizational methods	False
Tell me about kids earth day activities	would you like information on free earth day activities	True
Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	are you interested to see images of it	True
tell me about wilson antenna	are you looking for mitchell colleges course catelog	False
I’m looking for the music man.	do you want to know the cast of the music man	True
Find information about penguins.	will this be a tall fence or short fence	False
Tell me about avp	would you like to know what avp stands for	True
Tell me about black history.	are you interested in visiting kansas city	False
Tell me about Bellevue.	do you want to know about the nearest town named bellevue	True
Find information about penguins.	are you interested in the penguins of madagascar	True
Find information about the wall	are you looking for a specific movie	True
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	is there any specific information that you would like to know about employment requirements at pnl	True
I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	would you like to know of upcoming concert dates	True
I’m interested in civil right movement	what would you like to know about the civil right movement	True
I'm looking for information on hobby stores	what kind of train are you looking for	True
I'm interested in InuYasha	what is the most you are willing to spend on a ps 2 game	False
What are the best recepies for grilling	are you looking for the magazine the grilling	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	would you like me to find the nearest kenmore store for you	False
How do I get my free annual credit report?	wou you like to know more about 3in1 credit reports	True
Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	do you want the contact info for alexian brothers hospital	True
what is the best long term care insurance	would you like to find out the different types of payment options for the best long term care insurance	True
Find information on raised gardens.	is information needed on best ways to care for the garden once planted	True
How do I get my free annual credit report?	do you need information about voip phone services	False
I want to learn about rock art.	do you want the history of rock art	True
Find me information about diabetes education	would you like to take some courses on web design	False
I'd like to learn about moths	are you interested in what draws a moth to flame	True
Tell me about hotels in New York.	are you interested in job openeings in kansas city mo	False
I'm looking for keyboard reviews	do yo want to know about keyboards internationally	True
Looking for information about the Orange County Convention Center	are you looking for the convention center in florida	True
Tell me more about satilies	are you referring to the company called satellite industries inc	True
I'd like to learn about joints	what images of joints would you like to see	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	would you like to know where to buy weather strips	False
I'm looking for flame designs	are you looking for flame designs for a tattoo	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	are you interested in a certain inuyasha character	False
who invented music	do you wish to know how music videos started	True
Tell me about avp	would you like to know about the alien versus predator movie	True
How to change the toilet in the house	do you have a specific toilet brand on your mind	True
I'm interested in InuYasha	are you interested in inuyasha cosplay	True
Find information about the gs pay rate	do you want to know how to take care of it	False
tell me about rice?	what type of rice dish are you looking for	True
What is yahoo	would you like to know more about the inuyasha illustrator and writer	False
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	do you need the cause of the injury	False
all men are created equal	are you looking for declaration of independence at the national archives	True
Tell me more about Rocky Mountain News	are you interested inn information about the national park	True
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	did you want to know about the dutchess county tourism center	False
I’m looking for the music man.	which alexian brothers hospital are you interested in	False
What is yahoo	would you like to see inuyasha manga	False
Tell me information about a sore throat.	do you have a fever	True
Tell me about Barbados.	would you like to know about david thompson	True
I want to learn about rock art.	do you want to buy rock art	True
what are the popular jobs in Michigan	the secret garden has been made into many films and series which version of the secret garden are you intrested in	False
Find me information about diabetes education	are you searching for a local educational program	True
Give me information about Titan.	are you referring to a specific vehicle	True
How do I get my free annual credit report?	would you want to know credit report scores	True
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	do you want to know internet phone service providers	True
Where can I find cheap internet	are you looking for any bundles or deals	True
Find information about atari	are you interested in free websites or would you like your own domain	False
What was electoral college 2008 results?	are you looking for only the 2008 results	True
I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	would you like to see their homepage	True
Where can I find cheap internet	are you looking for information on any specific internet technology	True
Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	would you like a website about this topic	True
tell me about UNC	would you like to know how to sign up for internet phone service	False
Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	are you trying to find specific toilet parts	False
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	are you interested in paid services	True
Info on dog heat?	do you think your dog is in heat	True
What is yahoo	do you need to contact yahoo	True
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	do you want to see cookbooks for grilling	False
Tell me more about Hawain volcanos	are you doing research on volcano observatories	True
Information about raffles	are you interested in raffles hotels and resorts	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	are you searching for an image for lipoma	True
Find me information about the Last Supper painting.	what aspect of the last supper painting are you interested in	True
How to register dmv in va?	do you have any plant allergies	False
What was electoral college 2008 results?	who is the party candidate you would like to know more results	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	how many ps 2 games are you looking to buy	False
Tell me about fybromyalgia	would you like to buy semi truck	False
tell me about cass county missouri	which neighborhood in cass county are you interested in	True
map	are you looking for a world atlas	True
Tell me about Barbados.	is your search referring to a condition of the neck	False
tell me about iron	would you like to know irons atomic number or mass	True
I'm interested in InuYasha	would you like to watch an inuyasha movie	True
Tell me about vanuatu	would you like to see the base pay scale for 2018	False
who invented music	do you want to know the first song ever recorded	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	are you looking for a specific model or part	False
How can I lower my heart rate?	are you interested in the years inuyasha was shown in tv	False
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you referring to bellevue nebraska	True
tell me about iron	would you like to know about iron deficiencies	True
I'm looking for a wedding budget calculator	do you need this information for any specific part of your ceremony	True
I'm looking for information on hobby stores	are you looking for a radiocontrolled plane	True
I am looking for sources of used car parts.	are you looking for the nearest junck yard	True
I'd like to learn about moths	are you interested in moth biology	True
Find me information about the Last Supper painting.	do you want to know where you can view the last supper painting	True
Tell me about the sit and reach test.	do you want to purchase a box to measure with	True
Find me information about the sales tax in Illinois.	do you want to know what the illinois state tax rate is	True
What to do in Arkansas	would you like to know about david thompson	False
What are specific dangers of asbestos?	which tv and computer information would you like to know more about	False
I need information on income tax return online	are you looking for a specific web site	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	what year model are you looking for	False
What is martha stewart and imclone?	do you want to know what channel espn is	False
tell me about ct jobs	would you like to buy some stuff related pittsburgh penguins	False
Give me information on OCD.	are you looking for treatment for ocd	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	would you like me to find the nearest kenmore store for you	False
How should I use the septic system design	would you like the arizona state fish and game comissions contact information	False
Tell me about sonoma county medical services.	are you looking for employment with sonoma country medical	True
how to build a fence?	do you need information about bellevue nebraska	False
Find information on hip fractures	do you need to know what are symptoms of the injury	True
Tell me about ps 2 games?	are you wanting to find a class on the education of the disease of diabetes	False
I need information about the University of Phoenix.	are you looking for reviews of the university of phoenix	True
Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	would you like find out where you can play electronic skeet shoot	True
How should I use the septic system design	are you looking for the basics of septic system design	True
Give me information about Titan.	are you referring to the watch brand	True
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	woud you like a list of items made from iron	False
How should I use the septic system design	are you looking to move here	False
all men are created equal	are you trying to look up a speech	True
tell me about tangible personal property tax	do you want to know the difference between that and other taxes	True
I'm looking for information on dieting	would you like a list of area doctors that can give professional advice on dieting	True
How do I get my free annual credit report?	would you like to know more about free credit reports	True
What is California Franchise Tax Board	would you like to read about dj employment	False
Find information about the gs pay rate	do you want a crossword puzzle about idaho	False
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	do you want to know the cost of a gmat prep class	False
Find information on hip fractures	were you looking for the causes of hip fractures	True
Find information about the secret garden.	in what country is the secret garden located	True
Tell me about scooters.	are you looking for locations that have the scooters	True
What are characteristics of Uranus	do you want to know how old it is estimated to be	True
I am looking for sources of used car parts.	are you interested in a specific part	True
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	would you like to see a price range for gmat prep classes	False
Tell me about ps 2 games?	are you looking for ps 2 adventure games	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	are you planning to run or exercise	False
Find information about penguins.	is there a specific material it needs to be made from wood cement tin	False
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you interested in korean language classes	False
How to change the toilet in the house	do you want to know the actors in the music man	False
I need information about the University of Phoenix.	is there any specific web page on your mind	False
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	do you have a preference of the casino in french lick	False
Give me espn sports information.	would you like us to show you where to buy figs and other fresh fruit locally	False
How should I use the septic system design	are you interested in a pressure distributon design 2 feet of absorbant soil	True
When can I see Churchil Downs	are you looking for events at churchill downs	True
Find information on Porterville.	do you need information about medical services	True
Where can I find cheap internet	what companies have the lowestcost internet service	True
Tell me about the sit and reach test.	do you want to know what is considered a good score	True
Tell me about designer dog breeds.	do you want to know what are cosidered designer dog breeds	True
Tell me information about Volvo.	are you seeing if rick warren is still alive	False
what are the popular jobs in Michigan	in what country is the secret garden located	False
Tell me about Bellevue.	would you like to know about the plumbing mechanisms of flushing	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	do you have high blood pressure	False
How to prepare for the GMAT?	are you looking for gmat prep classes near you	True
Tell me about hotels in New York.	would you like to know more about a certain credit reporting company	False
Find information about tornadoes	are you looking for signs to expect	True
What is equal opportunity employer?	are you referring to the american military university as in the actual school	False
TV on computer	would you like to know about butter and margarine making process	False
Find information about the wall	are you referring to the vietnam veterans memorial wall	True
Tell me about vanuatu	are you interested in applying for federal jobs	False
Find information about the secret garden.	do you want realistic or cartoonish designs	False
tell me about ct jobs	are you looking for ct jobs in your area	True
Tell me more on health clubs in Arkansas	would you like to know some website address	True
What are characteristics of Uranus	do you want to read an encyclopedia entry on uranus	True
I want to learn about rock art.	are you trying to make art rock	True
I'm looking for information about South Africa	would you like the history of south africa	True
How should I use the septic system design	are you interested in an advanced treatment above ground design	True
to be or not to be that is the question	are you referring to shakespear	True
I’m looking for information on worm	do you want to find out about the animal worm or a why a person is called a worm	True
how to build a fence?	do you want to know more about companies headquartered in bellevue washington	False
I'm interested in InuYasha	are you interested in a certain inuyasha character	True
Is Kenmore heater good	is there any specific information that you would like to know about employment requirements at pnl	False
How to use wiki?	how much do you know about markup language on wiki	True
What is martha stewart and imclone?	are you interested in something specific about martha stewart and imclone	True
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	would you like to know about iron deficiencies	False
Find me information on sat	are you searching for your sat scores	True
Tell me about Obama family tree.	how old is ralph owen brewseter	False
Find information about the sun.	do you want to know facts about the sun	True
How to register dmv in va?	would you like hours for va dmv registration	True
How should I use the septic system design	are you looking for a specific web site	False
Tell me about cell phones.	are you trying to compare android to ios	True
Tell me more about USA tax for annuity	do you know what an indexed annuity is	True
tell me about iron	what kind of trade are you looking for	False
Find information about elliptical trainer	are you looking for benefits of an elliptical trainer vs other fitness machines	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	would you like to know what effects blood pressure and cholesterol	False
Tell me about Neil Young.	do you want to find a certain song	True
I'd like to learn about moths	are you wondering what moths eat	True
Tell me about of Ralph Owen Brester.	would you like to see the most effective methods of gmat prep	False
What is yahoo	are you looking for any specific pictures	False
Tell me more about satilies	are you talking about a spacecraft or a song	True
Tell me about Pocono	where in pocono are you interested in	True
Find information about the wall	are you looking for a specific web site	True
Is Kenmore heater good	are you looking for jobs in richland	False
I need information about the University of Phoenix.	are you looking for reviews of the university of phoenix	True
I'd like to learn about moths	are you interested in what draws a moth to flame	True
How to cook pork tenderlion	would you like to marinate your pork tenderloin	True
I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	would you like to place an order	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	would you like to find foods that will lower your heart rate	True
tell me about symptoms of mad cow disease in humans	do you want to know early signs	True
How to change the toilet in the house	would you like to know more about the short story by g k chesterton	False
Find information about Mitchell College.	are you looking for a specific web site	False
I'm looking for flame designs	what would you like to know about the dog heat season	False
I’m looking for blue throated hummingbird	would you like to learn about how fast blue throated hummingbirds are	True
Tell me about ps 2 games?	are you looking for diet information	False
Find information on Porterville.	are you looking for a contact number for the city government	True
Find information about the secret garden.	would you want to buy flame design stickers	False
Give me espn sports information.	would you like to know the climate figs are found in	False
Tell me more about dnr	do you want to know if dnr is legal where you live	True
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	which model of volvo are you interested in getting information about	False
What are signs of a heartattack?	do you know what a heart attack is	True
tell me about iron	are you referring to the move	False
Tell me about Korean language.	are you looking for books on the korean language	True
Tell me about kids earth day activities	are you searching for online earth day activities	True
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	are you looking for outpatient services in mayo clinic	True
Tell me about cell phones.	would you like to how to adopt a dog	False
Tell me more about dnr	would you like to know how far barbados is	False
I need information on income tax return online	would you like to know more about hr block	True
Find information about penguins.	do you need information about bellevue nebraska	False
Find information about the wall	are you referring to the nbc television show	True
Where can I buy pressure washers?	do you want to price compare pressure washers	True
Is Kenmore heater good	would you like me to find the nearest kenmore store for you	True
Give me information about Titan.	are you interested in a specific titan	True
What is yahoo	which inuyasha characters are you interested in	False
Find information on Porterville.	do you need to know where you can purchase a grill	False
Tell me about avp	do you want to know the term length of a us president	False
Find information about the secret garden.	would you like to know more about the short story by g k chesterton	True
How to register dmv in va?	are you searching for required documentation for vehicle registration	True
Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	have you been to the poconos before	False
I'm looking for information about South Africa	would you like to know about south african food	True
tell me about dark chocolate health benefits	what percentage of dark chocolate in one serving that you would like to know	True
discovery channel store	would you like to buy supplements	False
What is Madagascar known for?	are you referring to the movie series or the country	True
Find me information about PVC	what type of craft are you using the pvc for	True
Tell me about ron howard.	are you looking for upcoming movies by ron howard	True
Give me espn sports information.	would you like to know where you can buy figs	False
Tell me about ps 2 games?	which type of diabetes do you want to learn about	False
Find information about the secret garden.	would you like to see reviews on specific movies and tv shows	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	would you like to find foods that will lower your heart rate	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	how would you like to lower your heart rate	False
all men are created equal	are you trying to look up a speech	True
Find me information about diabetes education	are you wanting to find a class on the education of the disease of diabetes	True
Find me information about diabetes education	are you interested in free websites or would you like your own domain	False
Tell me about designer dog breeds.	will you like to know the most popular dog	True
Tell me about black history.	are you interested in job openeings in kansas city mo	False
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	would you like information on arizona wildlife	True
What are signs of a heartattack?	would you like to see ways of temporarily slowing a heart attack	True
Find information on hip fractures	would you like to compare different weather stripping products	False
What are specific dangers of asbestos?	what exactly do you wanto to know about the dangers of asbestos	True
Tell me more about satilies	would you like the definition of the word satellite	True
Tell me about er television show.	are you looking for ways to watch er	True
I'm looking for information on VLDL levels	would you like to know more about ldl	True
Tell me about source of the nile	would you like to know about rock and gem shows in washington	False
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	are you interested in how much you can get from this program	False
Where should I order dog clean-up bags	are you referring to a specif type of dog clean up bag	True
tell me about iron	would you like to buy supplements	True
Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	are you looking for the information about split rock restore	False
I'm looking for information on VLDL levels	what age range would you like to see recommended vldl levels for	True
Tell me more about satilies	would you like the definition of the word satellite	True
How do I get my free annual credit report?	would you like to know about the process of disputing credit report	True
Find Brooks Brothers clearance.	would you like a list of brooks brothers shoes on clearance	True
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	do you need to find hunting and fishing grounds in arizona	True
Tell me about Barbados.	are you looking for nearby medical practices that treat the condition	False
Find information about atari	would you like to register a domain name	False
How to prepare for the GMAT?	are you interested in the treatment costs of lymphoma in dogs	False
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	what price range are you looking for	True
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	do you want information on the current us president	True
Tell me information about Volvo.	is your volvo having a maintenance issue	True
Find information on Porterville.	are you looking for a contact number for the city government	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	are you interested in a specific season of inuyasha	False
Find information on Porterville.	are you looking for attractions near porterville	True
I'm looking for information on hobby stores	is this for a school craft or play	True
Tell me about hotels in New York.	are you looking for reviews of hotels	True
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	would you like to know where indiana state fairgrounds is on a map	True
butter and margarine	would you like to see google maps homepage	False
Tell me about scooters.	are you interested in scooter laws	True
tell me about evidence for evolution	how complex of an answer are you hoping to find	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	do you want to know about the symptoms of lymphoma in dogs	False
Tell me information about Volvo.	which model of volvo are you interested in getting information about	True
Tell me about kansas city mo	would you like to directions to kansas city	True
How can one can become highway patrol	do you want to know how many employees work for the tn highway patrol	True
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	are you looking for a list of all us presidents	True
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	do you want to know their hours of operation	False
How to get organised?	would you like to know how to reduce clutter	True
tell me about wilson antenna	are you looking for flame design outline	False
Find information about the secret garden.	would you want to buy flame design stickers	False
Tell me about hotels in New York.	do you want information on what is in a credt report	False
Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	what brand of electronic skeet shoot are you inquiring about	True
Tell me more about satilies	are you looking for a company which provides internet services	True
Tell me about fybromyalgia	are you looking for a diet to help manage fibromyalgia	True
I'm looking for information on hobby stores	do you want stores with physical locations or online stores	True
Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	would you like a website about this topic	True
Where should I order dog clean-up bags	would you like to do online shopping	True
Find symptoms of heart attack	would you like to know symptoms that are concerning enough that you swould go to the emergency department	True
Tell me about of Ralph Owen Brester.	are you looking for gmat prep classes near you	False
Find information on hip fractures	would you like to learn about weather stripping	False
Find me information about PVC	are you interested in how pvc is made	True
tell me about cass county missouri	do you want to know about the schools in cass county missouri	True
discovery channel store	are you looking for irons melting point	False
Give me espn sports information.	are you interested in the calorie count or other nutrition information for the fruit	False
I’m looking for the music man.	are you looking for the alexian brothers lay catholic order	False
Info on dog heat?	what would you like to know about the dog heat season	True
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	would you like to see specs on this equipment	True
Tell me about source of the nile	do you want to know where the nile is located	True
Tell me about Pocono	are you interested in the history of the pcoconos	True
What is yahoo	do you want to access yahoos twitter feed	True
What are specific dangers of asbestos?	are you interested in buying a tv with a computer included	False
Find me information about diabetes education	how much are you willing to spend monthly for hosting	False
What is equal opportunity employer?	are you interested in learning more about tuition costs for the american military university	False
Find information on Porterville.	would you like to see arizona hunting trip information	False
Tell me information about a sore throat.	would you like to see symptoms of this	True
I want to learn about rock art.	do you want locations of rock art	True
Find me information about the sales tax in Illinois.	are you interested in how to pay your illinois state tax	True
Give me information about Titan.	are you referring to the greek god or the pc	True
what are the popular jobs in Michigan	would you like application information for the michegan works program	True
tell me about iron	what salary range are you looking for	False
Find sewing instructions for me	would you like to learn basics for sewing	True
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	do you want information on the current us president	True
Give me espn sports information.	do you want to know when espn started	True
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	are you looking for some sample tests	False
I’m interested in old coins	do you want pictures of old coins	True
How can one can become highway patrol	do you need the number of patrols cars used by the tn highway patrol	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	do you want dietary recommendations	False
I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	are you searching for east ridge high school football schedule	False
Tell me about er television show.	would you like to buy the dvd of er tv show	True
Give me information about Titan.	are you referring to the greek god or the pc	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	how much do you need to lower your heart rate	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	are you interested in a recipe for grilled chicken	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	would you like to know what effects blood pressure and cholesterol	True
Find me information about the sales tax in Illinois.	are you interested in how the illinois state tax is determined	True
Tell me information about Volvo.	are you referring to a crazy person	False
Tell about an adobe indian house?	what type of adobe indian house are you looking for	True
Tell me about cell phones.	do you need information about special deals	False
I am looking for sources of used car parts.	are you looking for a specific web site	True
Find me information about the Last Supper painting.	what aspect of the last supper painting are you interested in	True
Give me information about Titan.	are you referring to the watch brand	True
Information about raffles	are you looking for raffle tickets in your area to purchase	True
I’m interested in old coins	any tutorials would interest you	True
What are specific dangers of asbestos?	do you want to know what sites you can watch tv on the computer at	False
I'm looking for information on hobby stores	are you looking for coupons	True
Tell me information about a sore throat.	would you like to know more about throat cancer	True
I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	do you watch lawbased television	True
where can I buy a trombone?	are you looking for trombone dealers near yo	True
What is yahoo	are you interested in inuyasha cosplay	False
What are the best recepies for grilling	would you like to read about colleges in arkansas	False
What are the best recepies for grilling	do you want to go to arkansas	False
What to do in Arkansas	would you like to know where barbados is	False
Give me information about Titan.	are you referring to the greek god or the pc	True
Tell me about Obama family tree.	would you like to hear about president obamas family tree	True
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	would you like to know whether asbestos exposure cause cancer	False
I'm looking for flame designs	the history of flame design	True
I'm looking for flame designs	should there be anything else besides the flames	True
Tell me information about a sore throat.	are you looking for medicines to treat a sore throat	True
I’m looking for blue throated hummingbird	do you want to find them in mexico or in the us	True
What is Fickle Creek Farm	would you like to know the phone number of mayo clinic jacksonville fl	False
who invented music	do you want information on the person who invented music	True
Find me information about diabetes education	do you need a tool to design the site	False
What should I know about the civil war	are you looking for large battles	True
What can I do in sherwood regional library	would you like the see the calendar of events	True
I’m looking for the music man.	are you trying to find videos about the music man	True
Find me information on sat	are you interested in a specific web page	True
TV on computer	are you interested in purchasing it online	False
I'm looking for information on hobby stores	are you looking for stores that are currently open	True
What is yahoo	what is the heart rate youre looking to achieve	False
What are the best recepies for grilling	which city in arkansas are you interested in	False
I need information about the University of Phoenix.	do you need contact information for the university of phoenix	True
Tell me information about computer programming.	are you interested in programming courses for children	True
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	are you looking for someone to design a site for you or a site that allows you to do it yourself	True
Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	which hospital facility are you look for	True
Find information on French Lick Resort and Casino.	are you looking for deals and offers related to french lick resort	True
I'm looking for information on hobby stores	is this a hobby where anyone can build things	True
discovery channel store	do you want to see the store catalogue	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	are you looking to purchase or repair a unit	False
Find information about flushing.	are you looking for nearby classes	False
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	which internet phone service providers are you interested in	True
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	would you like to know the history of culpeper national cemetary	True
Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	would you like to know trending data or a timeline for the uplift at yellowstone national park	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	are you interested in a recipe for grilled chicken	True
Tell me more about USA tax for annuity	are you interested in finding out the rates for indexed annutiies	True
What is von Willebrand Disease?	are you interested in learning about treatments for von willebrand disease	True
What is von Willebrand Disease?	which animal are you interested in knowing about in regards to von willebrand disease	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	would you like to know about risk factors of lymphoma in dogs	False
what are the popular jobs in Michigan	would you like application information for the michegan works program	True
Find information about elliptical trainer	what brand of cell phones are you interested in	False
Find information on French Lick Resort and Casino.	are you looking for a specific web page	True
Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	regarding food stamps in iowa are you looking for eligibility information	True
Give me air travel information.	are you interested in the history of air travel	True
Which gps receiver I should buy	are you trying to fix your toilet	False
Tell me about cell phones.	would you like an unlocked phone	True
tell me about rock and gem shows	are you looking for a dinosaur costume or game	False
Find information about penguins.	are you interested in the penguins of madagascar	True
Tell me about american military university.	do you need contact information	False
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you interested in knowing more about a computer worm	False
How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	are you interested in learning how to write a thank you letter after an interview	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	how would you like to watch inuyasha episodes	False
How to cook pork tenderlion	how would you like to cook your pork tenderloin	True
Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	are you looking for living room furniture	True
How should I use the septic system design	are you looking for a specific place here	False
Information about bobcat	are you interested in cultivated or wild bobcats	True
how to build a fence?	are you looking for the college	False
all men are created equal	would you like to learn more about thomas jefferson	True
Find information on Porterville.	do you want to know more about the grilling process	False
How to cook pork tenderlion	would you like to know where pork tenderloin comes from in a pig	True
Tell me about ron howard.	are you looking for upcoming movies by ron howard	True
Tell me about scooters.	do you need a retailer near you	True
What is martha stewart and imclone?	do you want an espn sports schedule	False
map	do you study road maps	True
Find information on raised gardens.	do you want to buy a book about raised gardens	True
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	are you looking for cell phones for kids	False
I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	do you want a jax chemical company coupon	True
How to cook pork tenderlion	are you purchasing pork tenderloin today	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	are you looking for the magazine the grilling	True
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	would you like to see reviews on elliptical trainers	False
tell me about wilson antenna	what state is mitchell college in	False
Tell me about ps 2 games?	would you like to learn how to cheat in ps2 games	True
What is average charitable donation?	would you like information about the average charitable donation broken down by year	True
What is yahoo	are you interested in the music from inuyasha	False
What is yahoo	do you have high blood pressure	False
Find me information about the sales tax in Illinois.	would you like know who collects illinois state tax	True
How to register dmv in va?	are you looking to reserve a space at the sherwood regional library	False
Give me information about Titan.	are you looking for the computer part	True
Tell me about Korean language.	would you like to know how to get your vldl levels tested	False
I'm interested in dinosaurs	are you looking for a dinosaur costume or game	True
where can I buy a trombone?	are you interested in selling a trombone you own	True
Find information about Mitchell College.	are you looking for pages that compare mitchell college with others	True
What is von Willebrand Disease?	are you interested in the types of von willebrand disease	True
Tell me about ron howard.	what would you like to know about his family	True
Tell me more about satilies	are you referring to the company called satellite industries inc	True
What are specific dangers of asbestos?	is there a certain type of dj you are looking for	False
I'm interested in InuYasha	are you interested in inuyasha wiki activity	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	would you like to know where you can get cpr certified	False
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	are you looking to use butter and margarine in baking	False
Is Kenmore heater good	do you seek further information on lab breeders	False
Tell me about Korean language.	are you interested in ways to reduce vldl levels	False
How do I get my free annual credit report?	are you looking for flights to vanuatu	False
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	are you referring to the lab in seattle	True
Tell me about source of the nile	do you want to know about the source of the video game	True
Find condos in Florida.	what other features are you looking for in a condo	True
Find me information about diabetes education	are you looking to take a class about diabetes	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	what is the heart rate youre looking to achieve	False
What is yahoo	are you looking for specific fanrelated information	False
Find information on raised gardens.	do you need information on best climate for specific plants	True
what is the best long term care insurance	would you like to find out the different types of payment options for the best long term care insurance	True
How do you tie a Windsor knot?	what type of instructions are you looking for	True
How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	do you want to purchase streaming services	False
Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	what are you using the design for	False
What are signs of a heartattack?	what age group are you reffering to	True
What is a 403b?	are you looking for the information how 403b plan works	True
Tell me about kansas city mo	would you like to learn about unc sports	False
Tell me information about a sore throat.	do you have pain on both sides of your throat	True
tell me about ct jobs	are you looking for a specific web page	False
butter and margarine	are you looking to use butter and margarine in baking	True
Tell me about black history.	are you looking for something to read	True
Which gps receiver I should buy	would you like to know your gps coordinates	True
Find Brooks Brothers clearance.	are you looking for merchandise catalog	True
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	would you like to know about risk factors of lymphoma in dogs	False
Find information on ontario california airport.	would you like to book a flight at ontario california airport	True
I'm looking for information on dieting	do you want to know if dieting is safe	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	would you like to find foods that will lower your heart rate	False
What are the best recepies for grilling	are you referring to a gas grill	True
Tell me about source of the nile	are you interested in a specific type of product	False
Tell about an adobe indian house?	are you looking for pictures of adobe indian houses	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	would you like to know about normal heart rate	False
butter and margarine	are you on a road trip	False
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	are you interested in price comparison of packages	True
Let's see frank lloyd wright biography	would you like to read some of frank lloyd wrights writings	True
Tell me about scooters.	is this for mobility or fun	True
tell me about rock and gem shows	what local rock and gem shows are you looking for from this list	True
What are specific dangers of asbestos?	would you like to know whether asbestos exposure cause cancer	True
Tell me about cell phones.	are you looking for prepaid phones	True
Give me air travel information.	what dates are you planning on traveiing	True
How should I use the septic system design	are you looking for the business near you	True
Find information on Porterville.	do you want information on arizona wildlife	False
What are signs of a heartattack?	are you experiencing a heart attack	True
Find me information about the Ritz Carlton Lake Las Vegas.	would you like the history of ritz carlton lake las vegas	True
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	do you need any specific information about pnl	True
Tell me more on Kansas city railroad	are you interested in pictures of worms	False
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	is there a specific internet company you need information on	True
Tell me information about Volvo.	would you like to know what their rating is compare to other car companies	True
Tell me about scooters.	are you trying to change scooter oil	True
Find me information about diabetes education	are you interested in an online site for diabetes	True
Give me espn sports information.	would you like to know more about growing figs	False
Tell me information about Volvo.	is your volvo having a maintenance issue	True
Tell me more about HP mini 2140	do you want contact information for the board	False
Give me espn sports information.	do you want to know about special events on espn	True
tell me about UNC	would you like information on the university of north carolina unc	True
tell me about rock and gem shows	what kind of information do you need about rock and gem shows	True
Tell me more about satilies	are you talking about a spacecraft or a song	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	do you need treatment information for lipoma	True
I'm looking for information on VLDL levels	what levels of vldl levels are you looking for normal or abnormal	True
Tell me about ron howard.	do you want to know how old ron howard is	True
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	do you need any specific information about pnl	True
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	would you like to know whether asbestos exposure cause cancer	False
where can I buy a trombone?	is this tangible personal property tax just for you	False
I’m looking for information on worm	are you looking for information about computer viruses	True
Where can I find information about forearm pain?	do you have forearm pain when extending your arm	True
map	are you interested in satellite maps	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	are you interested in inuyasha wiki activity	False
Tell me about source of the nile	are you interested in finding rock and gem shows near you	False
I'm interested in dinosaurs	do you want a list of dinosaur names	True
What to do in Arkansas	are you looking for what country arkansas is	True
to be or not to be that is the question	do you want to know how others have used that quote	True
Tell me about ps 2 games?	would you like to learn how to cheat in ps2 games	True
What is yahoo	which episodes of inuyasha would you like to see	False
what are the seven deadly sins	which of the seven deadly sins do you want to know more about	True
tell me about idaho state flower	do you want to know how to take care of it	True
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	are you looking for a suitable elliptical machine to use at home	False
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	would you like to see news about culpeper national cemetary	True
Give me espn sports information.	what variety of figs are you interested in	False
Find information about the sun.	are you looking for the news paper the sun	True
How do I get my free annual credit report?	do you want to know the cost of internet phone service	False
tell me about cass county missouri	which neighborhood in cass county are you interested in	True
I'm looking for information on dieting	do you want to learn about the history of dieting	True
Tell me about Barbados.	would you like to know how far barbados is	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	would you like to know about normal heart rate	True
How can one can become highway patrol	would you like to know how many tickets they right ever year	True
I'm looking for a wedding budget calculator	what is your projected budget for your wedding	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	do you want to know about indoor or outdoor grilling	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	do you have any medical conditions	False
Tell me about american military university.	are you talking about the navel academy	True
What is yahoo	do you want to know about yahoo the company or yahoo the word	True
Find information about the secret garden.	what model of wilson antenna are you inquiring about	False
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	are you located in jacksonville fl	True
tell me about tangible personal property tax	do you want to know who is eligible for the tangible personal property tax	True
I’m looking for information on worm	are you interested in knowing more about a computer worm	True
Tell me more on health clubs in Arkansas	are you referring to a health club in arkadelphia ar	True
What can I do in sherwood regional library	would you like to know what more about the history of martha stewart and imclone	False
How is identifying spider bites?	would you like to see a chart to help you identify spider bites	True
Find me information about the Ritz Carlton Lake Las Vegas.	are you looking for a specific web site	True
Tell me about Korean language.	would you like information about cholesterol reports	False
I'm interested in InuYasha	how about some organizing tips	False
Tell me about Pocono	do you need admission information for the university of phoenix	False
Tell me about Pocono	if youre interested in recipes would you like savory or sweet receipes do you have other specific ingredients in mind	False
Tell me information about Volvo.	what year of volvo do you need information about	True
how to build a fence?	are you looking for the university the bellevue	False
Which gps receiver I should buy	do you need information on how to install a toilet	False
What is yahoo	are you interested in the list of inuyasha characters	False
I need information about the University of Phoenix.	what major are you interested in	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	are you interested in the list of inuyasha characters	False
What is yahoo	which inuyasha characters are you interested in	False
What is a 403b?	do you want to know 403b contribution limits in 2018	True
Find information about elliptical trainer	are you looking for any specific device equipped with gps	False
What are the best recepies for grilling	do you want to move to arkansas	False
tell me about wilson antenna	do you need to get a part of a wilson antenna	True
How should I use the septic system design	are you trying to find a contractor	True
Find information about penguins.	are you looking for korean community services	False
tell me about iron	would you like to know information about iron fe	True
Find me information about the Ritz Carlton Lake Las Vegas.	would you like to know the capacity of ritz carlton lake las vegas	True
How can I adopt a dog	are you looking for toilet cleaners	False
Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	are you looking for requirements to become a food assistance	True
I'd like to learn about joints	are you suffering pain in one of your joints	True
Tell me information about computer programming.	are you looking for computer programming schools near you	True
What to do in Arkansas	would you like to know how far barbados is	False
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	are you looking for any specific facilities	True
Tell me about black history.	are you looking for a specific event or activity	True
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	are you referring to a food stamp program that is current or a historical one	False
I’m looking for the music man.	do you want the contact info for alexian brothers hospital	False
When can I see Churchil Downs	would you like to know the history of churchill downs	True
How to change the toilet in the house	would you like a new toilet	True
Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	would you like to buy stencils online	False
Find me information about the Ritz Carlton Lake Las Vegas.	are you looking for a specific web site	True
Information about raffles	would you like to know more about sir stamford raffles	True
What is Madagascar known for?	do you want to know what food they are famouss for	True
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	are you interested in knowing how iron is made	False
Tell me about black history.	are you interested in recent news headlines from kansas city mo	False
Tell me about Barbados.	are you looking for nearby medical practices that treat the condition	False
Where can I find cheap internet	are you looking to buy cheap internet	True
What is von Willebrand Disease?	do you want information about von willebrand disease in dogs	True
tell me about wilson antenna	are you interested in finding a local tattoo shop that does flame design	False
Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	are you looking for job openings at alexian brothers hospital	True
Find information about elliptical trainer	how much would you like to pay for a dog	False
I'm interested in InuYasha	would you like to know more about the inuyasha illustrator and writer	True
How to change the toilet in the house	are you looking for the script for the music man	False
What is Fickle Creek Farm	do you want the history of fickle creek farm	True
Tell me about black history.	would you like to see a map of kansas city mo	False
tell me about iron	are you looking for ct jobs in your area	False
Find information on hip fractures	are you interested in weather strips for windows	False
Tell me about atypical squamous cells	would you like the definition of atypical squamous cells	True
Where should I order dog clean-up bags	which online store eould you like to get the dog clean up bags from	True
Find information on ontario california airport.	do you need directions to ontario california airport	True
What is von Willebrand Disease?	would you like to learn about the symptoms of von willebrand disease	True
Tell me about kansas city mo	are you interested in kansas city mo tourism	True
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	are you wondering if there has been a recall notice	True
Find information about atari	would you like to take some courses on web design	False
Where can I find information about forearm pain?	are you interested in the anatomy of forearms	True
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	are you looking for a specific web page	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	would you like to find a plane ticket to barbados	False
I'm looking for flame designs	would you like stock information for avon products incorporated	False
Tell about an adobe indian house?	are you looking for pictures of adobe indian houses	True
What is martha stewart and imclone?	are you looking for specific information about martha stewart and imcones age	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	are you wanting to see videos by the pastor	True
Find information about tornadoes	do you need to know what to do in case there is a tornado	True
I'd like to learn about moths	do you need to see a picture of moth	True
Tell me information about computer programming.	are you looking for a job in computer programming	True
I'm interested in InuYasha	would you like to know how to reduce clutter	False
Give me information on OCD.	are you looking for specific information related to parents of children with ocd	True
TV on computer	are you interested in purchasing it online	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	are you referring to the author	True
tell me about wilson antenna	where are you looking to mount the antenna	True
discovery channel store	are you interested in knowing how iron is made	False
Tell me information about computer programming.	are you looking for information on different computer programming languages	True
Find information on ontario california airport.	do you know how long your trip will be	True
i will survive lyrics	do you want to know the meaning of the song i will survive	True
Tell me information about computer programming.	are you looking for computer programming schools near you	True
How to change the toilet in the house	are you trying to fix your toilet	True
TV on computer	do you want to know what sites you can watch tv on the computer at	True
Tell me about Neil Young.	do you want to find related artists	True
Tell me about Korean language.	would you like to take a survey on your cholesterol	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	would you like to know why its important to lower your heart rate	False
What are the best recepies for grilling	are you interested in dnr stock	False
Child support in Indiana?	are you interested in child support resources	True
butter and margarine	would you like to know how butter and margarine are used in recipes	True
How can one can become highway patrol	do you want to know how many employees work for the tn highway patrol	True
Find information about the sun.	are you interested in the suns size	True
Tell me about ps 2 games?	are you looking for ps 2 games prices	True
Tell me about black history.	are you looking for black history books	True
Give me information about Titan.	are you referring to titan the moon of saturn	True
Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	are you looking for information about any specific decoration technique	True
Find me information about diabetes education	how much are you willing to spend monthly for hosting	False
Find me information on sat	would you like to know about the most recent satellite sent into orbit	True
I’m looking for information on worm	are you wondering who speaks the korean language	False
Find information about Mitchell College.	would you rather read some reviews about avp antivirus	False
Find me information about diabetes education	what are you trying to learn about diabetes	True
How should I use the septic system design	are you wanting directions to porterville	False
What to do in Arkansas	are you interested in learning about arkansas	True
Tell me more on Kansas city railroad	are you looking for furniture	True
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	would you like to buy semi truck	False
What is equal opportunity employer?	would you like to see jobs around you that are equal opportunity employers	True
Find me information about diabetes education	would you like to see reviews for website hosting and design companies	False
Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	would you like to know if your company adheres to equal opportunity employment	False
How can I adopt a dog	are you looking for toilet cleaners	False
Tell me about weather stripping	are you interested in weather strips for doors	True
I'm looking for information about South Africa	do you want the population of south africa	True
I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	do you need info on jax chemical company	True
Find information about the secret garden.	what are you using the design for	False
Tell me about ron howard.	are you looking for upcoming movies by ron howard	True
Information about bobcat	are you interested in the evolution of bobcats	True
who invented music	do you want information related to music notation and written music	True
How to get organised?	are you interested in the history of atari	False
tell me about iron	are you looking to buy an iron for your clothes	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	have you talked to your doctor about heart rate	True
Tell me about vines for shade.	are you putting the ivy on a trellis	True
Find sewing instructions for me	would you like written instructions or a video	True
tell me about idaho state flower	what characterisitc of the flower would you like to learn more about	True
Tell me about kansas city mo	would you like to know about things to see and do in kansas city mo	True
Find me information about the Ritz Carlton Lake Las Vegas.	are you looking for the closest lake to the ritz carlton in las vegas	True
I'm looking for information on hobby stores	what type of hobby are you looking for	True
tell me about uss yorktown charleston SC	are you looking for some photos	False
TV on computer	do you want to purchase streaming services	True
Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	do you want black and white or colored designs	False
all men are created equal	who are you interested in learning about who has that quote attributed to them	True
what are the popular jobs in Michigan	are you interested in visiting a secret garden	False
What is California Franchise Tax Board	do you need to book a dj for an event	False
I am looking for sources of used car parts.	do you want to recycle used car parts	True
Find me information about the Last Supper painting.	would you like to purchase tickets to view the painting in milan	True
Tell me about vanuatu	are you looking for information about any specific federal agencies	False
I’m looking for information on worm	are you looking for information about computer viruses	True
I’m looking for the music man.	do you want to listen to songs from the music man	True
Find information about the secret garden.	can i provide you information about frances hodgson burnett	True
figs	are you looking for information on its maintenance	False
Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	do you want the contact info for alexian brothers hospital	True
Tell me information about a sore throat.	are you looking for doctors that treat sore throats	True
Tell me more about satilies	would you like to know more about satellite tv history	True
What is a 403b?	would you like to see the difference between a 403b and 401k account	True
Find me information about PVC	are you interested in types of pvc pipe	True
I'm looking for a wedding budget calculator	did you want to see a wedding budget based on your income	True
Looking for information about the Orange County Convention Center	are you looking for the convention center in florida	True
figs	are you looking for engineers in such field	False
Tell me about american military university.	would you like to know how to get to the american military university	True
Find information about elliptical trainer	are you willing to adopt a shelter dog	False
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	when do you want to go to the current chart show	False
I’m looking for the music man.	do you want the contact info for alexian brothers hospital	False
Find information about the secret garden.	would you like to read some reviews of wilson antennas	False
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	are you asking about the dangers of asbestos siding	False
how to hire disc jockey	do you want to visit culpeper national cemetery	False
I'm looking for universal animal cuts reviews	did you want to know if the price was worth it	True
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	would you like to see arizona hunting trip information	True
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	do you have pain on both sides of your throat	False
Where can I find cheap internet	are you looking to buy cheap internet	True
Tell me information about a sore throat.	would you like to see symptoms of this	True
tell me about iron	are you looking for iron metal products	True
Tell me about Pocono	what would you like to learn about the poconos	True
What can I do in sherwood regional library	do you want the address	True
Give me air travel information.	are you trying to find an airline	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	are you talking about the stock price of the giant	False
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	would you like to see reviews of the uss yorktown tour	False
tell me about rock and gem shows	are you looking for a specific web site about dinosaurs	False
What should I know about the civil war	do you want to know how many people were killed	True
What can I do in sherwood regional library	would you like to see the hours of the sherwood regional library	True
what are continental plates	do you need study information from professors	True
Tell me about black history.	are you interesting in a certain countrys black history	True
Tell me more about dnr	are you referring to the the department of natural resources in maryland	True
tell me about tangible personal property tax	would you like to see a ground map showing the uplift of yellowstone national park	False
Tell me information about computer programming.	do you need any specific information about its job market	True
Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	would you like to read some reviews	True
Tell me about cell phones.	are you wondering where disneyland hotels are located	False
I'm looking for flame designs	would you like to know the symptoms of a dog in heat	False
what is the best long term care insurance	do you need a map of hotels	False
I'm interested in InuYasha	are you interested in inuyasha wiki activity	True
I’m interested in civil right movement	do you want the history of the civil right movement	True
How to get organised?	which atari computer system would you like to know about	False
map	are you on a road trip	True
What to do in Arkansas	are you interested in learning about arkansas	True
tell me about iron	do you know about why its important to have iron in your diet	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	do you want to know the cost of a gmat prep class	True
How do I get my free annual credit report?	are you interested in visiting	False
tell me about iron	would you like to know how iron is mined	True
tell me about bart sf	are you looking for contact info in relation to bart sf	True
Find information about the secret garden.	are you interested in educational reviews and essays about the secret garden for a homework assignment	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	would you like to know more about animals that present lipomas	True
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	are you looking for a particular casino in french lick	False
Information about east ridge high school.	are you looking for trombone dealers near yo	False
how to build a fence?	are you looking for the university the bellevue	False
Find information about the secret garden.	which type of antenna are you interested in	False
I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	do you want to know the nearest vet that can help	True
Tell me about Obama family tree.	would you like to know what political party ralph owen brewster was affiliated with	False
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	which treatments are you looking for at mayo clinic jacksonville fl	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	do you want information on jobs in arkansas	False
tell me about wilson antenna	do you have a specific purpose for the antenna	True
Child support in Indiana?	would you like details on how to pay child support	True
How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	do you want to know technical information about tv on computer	False
Find me information on sat	do you want to know the date for this saturday	True
What is California Franchise Tax Board	do you want tips on how to be successful in an interview	False
Tell me about Pocono	do you need admission information for the university of phoenix	False
Find information about the secret garden.	do you need to get a part of a wilson antenna	False
Give me espn sports information.	if youre interested in recipes would you like savory or sweet receipes do you have other specific ingredients in mind	False
I’m looking for the music man.	are you looking for lyrics from the songs from the music man	True
Tell me about the sit and reach test.	do you want to know who should take the test	True
Find me information about the Last Supper painting.	do you want a book about the last supper painting	True
tell me about iron	are you looking for any legal information	False
Find information on Porterville.	would you like the arizona state fish and game comissions contact information	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	would you like to know what effects hart beat rate	False
Tell me about avp	would you like to know what avp stands for	True
Find information on raised gardens.	do you want to take a class about raised gardens	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	do you need information about bellevue nebraska	True
Tell me about black history.	how far back do you want to learn about black history	True
all men are created equal	would you like to learn about the author of that quote	True
How to change the toilet in the house	are you looking for information on the music man musical	False
Find information about the wall	are you looking for a specific web site	True
Where can I find cheap internet	how do you know if your internet service is inexpensive	True
what is the best long term care insurance	do you need direction to your new york hotel	False
tell me about dark chocolate health benefits	what specific brand of dark chocolate are you interested in	True
what is the best long term care insurance	are you interested in new york hotel prices	False
Find information on ontario california airport.	do you need to make a booking are you travelling alone	True
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	is your volvo having a maintenance issue	False
Tell me more about satilies	are you referring to satellite imagery on google maps	True
I’m looking for the music man.	are you looking for showtimes for the music man	True
What are specific dangers of asbestos?	do you want to know whether living in a home with asbestos insulation can cause people to become sick	True
Give me information about Titan.	are you looking to get more information about titan machinery	True
Give me information about Titan.	are you referring to titan the moon of saturn	True
Find information about Mitchell College.	do you want to know how male vs female avps in a company	False
How can one can become highway patrol	do you need the number of patrols cars used by the tn highway patrol	True
How to register dmv in va?	would you like the phone numbers to the va dmv registration	True
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	would you like to know more about the mayo clinic facilities and services	True
Find me information about diabetes education	are you interested in classic atari games or current atari games	False
Find information about penguins.	are you interested in the animal or the hockey team	True
How to change the toilet in the house	can i take you to the resource page at the michworks website	False
I’m looking for blue throated hummingbird	do you want to learn more about how blue throated hummingbirds mate	True
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	do you need a tool to design the site	True
Find me reviews of the les Miserables.	do you want reviews of the les miserables tv series	True
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	what exactly do you wanto to know about the dangers of asbestos	False
Tell me about the sit and reach test.	do you want to know other related tests	True
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	are you referring to the lab in seattle	True
Tell me about cell phones.	are you interested in staying here for certain dates	False
I'm looking for flame designs	should i request an application to mitchell college	False
What is martha stewart and imclone?	are you interested in what the the company imclone does	True
Tell me about texas border patrol.	do you want a phone number to call	True
Tell me about avp	would you like information about the alternatives to violence project	True
Find me information on sat	are you looking for the nearest sat testing location	True
Find me information about diabetes education	are you wanting to find a class on the education of the disease of diabetes	True
Information about bobcat	are you looking for a specific web site	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	which battle would you like to learn about how the technique of flushing was used	False
Find information about elliptical trainer	do you want to adopt from a shelter or an individual owner	False
Tell me about madam cj walker	are you looking for any specific information about the business she started	True
I'm looking for information on dieting	how much weight do you want to lose while dieting	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	are you referring to the author	True
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	would you like the arizona state fish and game comissions contact information	True
What is California Franchise Tax Board	are you a dj	False
What is yahoo	would you like to know why its important to lower your heart rate	False
What is yahoo	are you interested in a certain inuyasha character	False
Tell me about kansas city mo	would you like to directions to kansas city	True
Find information about penguins.	are you interested in penguin vape	True
Tell me more about Rocky Mountain News	do you want to incude both canadian and us news sources	True
Information about raffles	are you planning to organize a raffle for a specific event	True
Find information about penguins.	are you looking for some photos	True
Tell me about Obama family tree.	may i provide you with information regarding when ralph owen brewster died and cause of death	False
Find information about the sun.	are you looking for how hot the sun is	True
Information about bobcat	what breed of bobcat are you looking for more information about	True
what is the best long term care insurance	are you interested in the cost for best long term care insurance or short term	True
Tell me about vines for shade.	would you be interested in learning more about martha stewart and imclones history	False
Tell me about avp	do you want to know how male vs female avps in a company	True
Tell me about Pocono	are you referring to pocono mountains	True
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	do you want to know the term length of a us president	True
Find information about the secret garden.	are you looking for flame design outline	False
Tell me about ps 2 games?	do you want help finding a medical doctor for diabetes education	False
I'm looking for information on dieting	are you looking for dieting that involves no medications	True
Tell me more about satilies	are you looking for a specific kind of maps and images	True
How to change the toilet in the house	what type of toilet are you looking for	True
tell me about bart sf	what information do you need about bart sf	True
How should I use the septic system design	do you want information on arizona wildlife	False
tell me about bart sf	are you looking for a map of the bart system	True
Find condos in Florida.	do you want to be on the beach	True
tell me about iron	what historic period would you like information pertaining to	False
tell me about UNC	would you like to learn about the unc campuses	True
all men are created equal	are you trying to look up the constitution	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	what size are you looking for	False
Info on dog heat?	are you looking for avp beach volleyball	False
Give me espn sports information.	do you want information about a specific espn sports program	True
Information about bobcat	are you intereted in the diet of bobcats	True
what are the popular jobs in Michigan	would you like to know more about the short story by g k chesterton	False
What is martha stewart and imclone?	would you like to know what more about the history of martha stewart and imclone	True
Find information about penguins.	do you want to hear about the pittsburgh penguins	True
TV on computer	do you want to know what sites you can watch tv on the computer at	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	are you interested in learning about arkansas	False
How to change the toilet in the house	do you need to repair your toilet	True
I’m looking for the music man.	are you looking for the alexian brothers lay catholic order	False
What are the best recepies for grilling	which city in arkansas are you interested in	False
I'd like to learn about moths	which type of moth are you looking for	True
Tell me about hotels in New York.	do you need a list of available new york hotels	True
Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	do you need traveling assistance or direction	False
Tell me about american military university.	are you wanting to know more about the entrance requirements	True
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	do you want to get a hunting or fishing license in arizona	True
Find sewing instructions for me	are you interested to teach sewing to children	True
I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	do you need info on what jax chemical company produces	True
What is yahoo	would any specific game interest you	False
I'm looking for flame designs	would you want to buy flame design stickers	True
Find Brooks Brothers clearance.	are you looking to buy a suit	True
Find information on hip fractures	which age group is of more interest to you	True
Find me information about the sales tax in Illinois.	do you want to know what the illinois state tax rate is	True
Information about raffles	are you looking for raffle tickets in your area to purchase	True
Where can I buy pressure washers?	are you looking to buy a pressure washer	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	do you want to access yahoo mail	False
I'd like to learn about joints	are you interested in human body joints classifications	True
Tell me about Barbados.	do you need to know what are symptoms of the injury	False
I'm looking for flame designs	are you interested in finding a local tattoo shop that does flame design	True
Tell me about cell phones.	do you need information about special deals	False
Tell me about Pocono	do you need contact information for the university of phoenix	False
How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	what about an interview do you need help with	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	do you feel unprepared for the gmat test	True
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	do you know about why its important to have iron in your diet	False
Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	do you want to know what electronic skeet shoot is	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	would you like to learn how to cheat in ps2 games	False
I’m interested in civil right movement	do you want to know if there are current civil rights movements	True
Tell me about cell phones.	are you looking for cell phones for kids	True
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	would you like to know information about iron fe	False
How can I adopt a dog	would you like an active or relaxed dog	True
Tell me more about HP mini 2140	are you trying to know the warranty period of hp mini 2140	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	would you like to watch an inuyasha movie	False
I am looking for sources of used car parts.	are you interested in a specific part	True
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	do you want to know how a us president is elected	True
Find information about Mitchell College.	would you rather read some reviews about avp antivirus	False
What to do in Arkansas	are you referring to malignant lipolysis	False
What is yahoo	have you talked to your doctor about heart rate	False
I'm interested in InuYasha	do you need to find out how to organize your pantry	False
tell me about iron	which part of connecticut are you interested in	False
I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	are you interested in law school	True
I need information on income tax return online	is this in reference to plumbing or some other sort of plastic product	False
tell me about iron	what kind of penguin are you looking for	False
Find information about the secret garden.	are you looking for wilson antenna parts	False
Tell me about Obama family tree.	are you referring to the time magazine essay	True
Find me information about diabetes education	are you looking to take a class about diabetes	True
how to hire disc jockey	do you need recommendations for djs	True
tell me about wilson antenna	do you have questions about the wilson antenna warrenty	True
Find information about elliptical trainer	are you looking for information of a trainer vs a treadmill	True
Tell me about vines for shade.	do you want to know what vines for shade are available in your region	True
Tell me more about Rocky Mountain News	are you interested inn information about the national park	True
Find information about penguins.	do you want to know more about companies headquartered in bellevue washington	False
Tell me about hotels in New York.	are you interested in upcomming events in kasas city mo	False
Where can I buy pressure washers?	are you looking for a place to buy pressure washer parts	True
Tell me about avp	are you interested in history of presidents	False
Where can I find information about forearm pain?	do you have forearm pain from typing	True
I'm interested in poker tournaments	do you want to play in online poker tournaments	True
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	are you interested in paid services	True
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	would you like to request an appointment	True
I'm interested in dinosaurs	are you looking for meat eating or plant eating dinosaurs	True
tell me about rice?	what type of rice dish are you looking for	True
Tell me about Barbados.	are you interested in facts about barbados	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	would you like to know more about sliding glass doors	False
tell me about cass county missouri	can i help you find something on a map	True
Tell me more about dnr	what city in barbados are you interested in learning	False
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	did you want to know the amount of tourism dutchess county gets	False
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	do you want to see cookbooks for grilling	False
Find information on French Lick Resort and Casino.	would you like to see resorts and casinos in the french lick area	True
Tell me about black history.	are you interested in kansas city mo tourism	False
I need information about the University of Phoenix.	are you interested in comparing university of phoenix with other universities in any specific aspect	True
Tell me more about HP mini 2140	are you looking for any specific facilities	False
I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	do you want to know about the latest research in lymphoma in dogs	True
Tell me about texas border patrol.	are you looking for a specific web page	True
Find information about penguins.	do you want to hear pittsburgh penguin news	True
Tell me about avp	do you want to know how a us president is elected	False
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you interested in knowing more about a computer worm	False
Tell me about avp	are you looking for avp beach volleyball	True
tell me about uss yorktown charleston SC	what type of activity are you looking for	True
I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	do you need help finding a vet that treats lymphoma in dogs	True
Find sewing instructions for me	would you like to know to to mend a shirt	True
Find information about penguins.	are you looking for instructions to build a fence	False
Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	what location of alexian brothers hospital do you want to know about	True
What can I do in sherwood regional library	would you like the see the calendar of events	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	are you looking for reviews of gmat prep classes	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	are you looking for the instruction of the kenmore sears gas water heaters	False
figs	would you like to watch videos about how figs grow andor how to prepare them	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	would you like to see ways of temporarily slowing a heart attack	False
How do I get my free annual credit report?	are you interested in a list of companies in which you can get credit reports	True
where can I buy a trombone?	would you like to see trombones for sale on amazon	True
I’m interested in civil right movement	which countrys civil rights movement are you interested in	True
how to build a fence?	are you looking for companies to build a fence for you	True
What is yahoo	would you like to watch an inuyasha movie	False
tell me about rock and gem shows	are you looking for meat eating or plant eating dinosaurs	False
Where can I find cheap internet	are you wondering which provider has the cheapest internet	True
Tell me about black history.	are you looking for casinos in kansas city missouri	False
Tell me information about Volvo.	are you looking for the age of rick warren	False
What can I do in sherwood regional library	do you want to call	True
Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	are you looking for an application on this topic	True
What can I do in sherwood regional library	are you looking for a specific web site	False
Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	do you want to know what electronic skeet shoot is	True
I’m looking for blue throated hummingbird	would you like to learn about how fast blue throated hummingbirds are	True
where can I buy a trombone?	do you want to know who is eligible for the tangible personal property tax	False
Let's see frank lloyd wright biography	would you like to see a list of frank lloyd wrights most notable works	True
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	do you need to know how to trun a grill on	False
I'm interested in poker tournaments	are you interested in learning how to play poker	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	how would you like to lower your heart rate	False
Tell me about Pocono	where in pocono are you interested in	True
to be or not to be that is the question	do you want to know the meaning of the quote	True
Give me information on OCD.	are you interested in ocd in children	True
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	are you interested in paid services	True
Tell me more about dnr	are you looking for a specific website	False
Find information on French Lick Resort and Casino.	should i provide you with the contact information for french lick resort and casino	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	would you like to know why its important to lower your heart rate	False
Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	are you interested in the requirements for applying to the program or the poverty level limits	True
Which gps receiver I should buy	do you want to know how many gps satellites are active	True
What are characteristics of Uranus	is there a specific type of fact that you want to know	True
Tell me about Korean language.	are you interested in the history of the korean language	True
Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	are you looking for a world atlas	False
Tell me information about Volvo.	are you looking to buy a volvo	True
What is yahoo	which episodes of inuyasha would you like to see	False
I'm looking for information on hobby stores	what kind of train are you looking for	True
I need information about the University of Phoenix.	are you looking to move here	False
Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	are you looking for kitchen furniture	True
I'm interested in mothers day songs	are you looking for a specific mothers day song	True
Tell me about Neil Young.	are you looking for specific neil young songs	True
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	are you looking for someone to design a site for you or a site that allows you to do it yourself	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	would you like to find foods that will lower your heart rate	False
Find information about the wall	would you like to know the rules of the wall game show	True
Find information about flushing.	which battle would you like to learn about how the technique of flushing was used	True
Tell me more about USA tax for annuity	are you considering purchasing an indexed annuity	True
to be or not to be that is the question	are you referring to a certain philosohper	True
Tell me about Korean language.	are you looking for information about hangul	True
Tell me about fybromyalgia	do you want the definition of fibromyalgia	True
all men are created equal	would you like to know its interpretation by the us supreme court	True
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	would you like to know the phone number of mayo clinic jacksonville fl	True
Tell me about Afganistan.	would you like to know where afghanistan is on the map	True
Tell me about scooters.	would you like to explore more on scooters	True
Find information on hip fractures	would you like to know what a weather strip is	False
Find me information about diabetes education	diabetes education regarding children or adults	True
I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	are you referring to the lab in seattle	False
tell me about iron	are you looking to buy an iron for your clothes	True
Tell me about Korean language.	would you like to know more about ldl	False
I'm looking for information on hobby stores	what location do you want to find a hobby store in	True
Find Brooks Brothers clearance.	are you looking for a brooks brothers outlet	True
What is yahoo	do you want to know how yahoo is performing as a business	True
tell me about rock and gem shows	are you interested in dinosaur toys	False
Tell me about ps 2 games?	would you like to compare specific ps 2 games	True
Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	are you referring to a federally funded food stamp program or one that is funded by the state government	True
Tell me information about computer programming.	are you interested in a coding bootcamp	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	are you referring to lipomassage	True
Tell me about designer dog breeds.	do you need information on any specific hybrids	True
Tell me about Afganistan.	would you like historical information about afghanistan	True
Find information about the secret garden.	in what country is the secret garden located	True
I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	would you like information on a particular band member	True
I want to learn about rock art.	do you want pictures of rock art	True
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	are you looking for a list of all us presidents	True
all men are created equal	would you like to learn more about the declaration of independence	True
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	would you like to see some different exercises which can be done with this equipment	True
what are the popular jobs in Michigan	can we show you reviews of the original classic book the secret garden	False
Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	are you looking for information about any specific decoration technique	True
Find information about flushing.	what aspect of the flushing remostrance would you like to learn more about	True
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	would you like to know where to buy one	True
Tell me about designer dog breeds.	are you interested in a puppy	True
Is Kenmore heater good	are you looking for the instruction of the kenmore sears gas water heaters	True
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	would you like information on arizona wildlife	True
tell me about wilson antenna	what kind of wilson antenna are you interested in	True
Tell me about Obama family tree.	are you looking for biological information on his family	True
I’m looking for the music man.	are you looking for information on the music man musical	True
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	do you need requirements for food stamps in iowa	False
tell me about ct jobs	are you looking for places to buy fencebuilding materials	False
What to do in Arkansas	would you like to know how far barbados is	False
what are continental plates	is there a specific representative you need information on thats written on the topic	True
Find information about Mitchell College.	do you want to know when the next semester starts at mitchell college	True
Find information on French Lick Resort and Casino.	would you like to be hired by french lick casino and resort	True
Find me information on sat	what would you like to schedule for saturday	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	would you like to know more about sliding glass doors	False
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you looking for bellevue baptist church	True
Tell me about avp	would you like to know about the alien versus predator movie	True
Tell me about source of the nile	do you want a map	True
What is yahoo	would you like to watch an inuyasha movie	False
What is equal opportunity employer?	are you looking for specific information regarding an equal opportunity employer	True
Tell me about ron howard.	are you trying to find films that ron howard directed	True
Tell me more about HP mini 2140	are you looking for jobs in richland	False
I’m interested in old coins	do you want pictures of old coins	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	are you iinterested in a kenmore gas water heater	False
Find me information about the Ritz Carlton Lake Las Vegas.	would you like to read some reviews of the ritz carlton lake las vegas	True
TV on computer	would you like to know about butter and margarine making process	False
Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	are you trying to fix your toilet	False
What is Fickle Creek Farm	would you like to request an appointment	False
Tell me about the sit and reach test.	do you want to know what is considered a good score	True
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	do you want information on the current us president	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you interested in the computer game worms	False
What is yahoo	are you looking for any specific pictures	False
Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	would you like to know more about geothermal activities at yellowstone national park	True
Tell me about Pocono	are you interested in lodgings	True
I'm looking for a wedding budget calculator	did you want to see examples of budget weddings	True
figs	are you interested in an advanced treatment above ground design	False
I'd like to learn about moths	do you need any specific information for controlling moths	True
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	do you want to know how a us president is elected	True
Tell me more about USA tax for annuity	are you considering purchasing an indexed annuity	True
Find information on ontario california airport.	from which airport are you leaving	True
What can I do in sherwood regional library	which martha stewart and imclone television show episdoe are you looking for	False
Give me espn sports information.	are you interested in lodgings	False
Info on dog heat?	would you like to know how to care for your dog during heat	True
tell me about tangible personal property tax	would you like to see a list of states which receive tangible personal property tax	True
I'm looking for information on hobby stores	what type of hobby are you looking for	True
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	what type of website do you need	True
I'm interested in dinosaurs	are you looking for a specific dinosaur	True
tell me about wilson antenna	are you interested in a specific web page	False
Tell me about Bellevue.	do you want to know why your face is flushing	False
Find information about penguins.	are you interested in where penguins live	True
Tell me about ps 2 games?	are you looking for ps 2 adventure games	True
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	do you want to compare prices for website hosting and design	True
I'm looking for flame designs	what colors do you want to use	True
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	is your volvo having a maintenance issue	False
Tell me about ps 2 games?	would you like to see a list of new released ps2 games	True
Tell me about cell phones.	are you looking for directions to a disneyland hotel	False
Tell me about Bellevue.	what flushing are you interested in toilet or facial	False
What are signs of a heartattack?	are you interested in knowing what to do in the event of someone having a heart attack	True
Information about raffles	would you like to book a hotel i singapore	True
Tell me about of Ralph Owen Brester.	who is ralph owen brewster	True
I'm looking for information on duchess county tourism	do you want a tourist map	False
What to do in Arkansas	would you like to know about lipomas based on any specific demographics	False
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	do you need information on employment opportunities	True
How can I view my internet history?	how much of your history did you want to see	True
Tell me about scooters.	are you interested in scooter laws	True
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	do you want to know the size of the indiana state fairgrounds	True
tell me about rock and gem shows	are you looking for information about upcoming rock and gem shows	True
How to change the toilet in the house	do you need need information related to unemployed services in michigan	False
Looking for information about the Orange County Convention Center	are you looking for things to do around that area	True
who invented music	do you want information on the person who invented music	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	would you like to know the size of this product	False
Find me information on sat	what would you like to schedule for saturday	True
I'm interested in poker tournaments	do you want to find local tournaments near you	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	which age group is of more interest to you	False
Tell me information about Volvo.	are you looking for a political debate	False
Find information about the secret garden.	are you looking to buy an antenna or read more about the antenna	False
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	would you like an unlocked phone	False
Find information on ontario california airport.	from which airport are you leaving	True
How to change the toilet in the house	are you looking for lyrics from the songs from the music man	False
Information about bobcat	what breed of bobcat are you looking for more information about	True
Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	are you looking for our schedule of classes or events	True
What is equal opportunity employer?	do you need information about a specific employer	True
Child support in Indiana?	are you seeking support of a child in indiana	True
discovery channel store	what year do you want to know the president for	False
Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	are you looking for product recalls	True
Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	do you want a phone number to call	True
Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	do you want to learn how to make furniture	True
I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	do you know anything about the law	True
tell me about ct jobs	are you interested in a specific type of penguin	False
I'm looking for a wedding budget calculator	did you want to see if there was an app to do it	True
Find information about the secret garden.	what kind of wilson antenna are you interested in	False
How to change the toilet in the house	are you looking for topics related to bathroom health	True
Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	have you got any specific question regarding furniture size	True
What is Fickle Creek Farm	is this an emergency	False
Find information about the gs pay rate	what gs pay scale are you looking for	True
How do I get my free annual credit report?	which internet phone service providers are you interested in	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	do you want to access yahoos twitter feed	False
What is yahoo	how would you like to watch inuyasha episodes	False
What is yahoo	are you interested in inuyasha cosplay	False
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	is your volvo having a maintenance issue	False
Is Kenmore heater good	would you like to know who carries this product	True
Which gps receiver I should buy	would you like to know how gps works	True
Tell me about kansas city mo	are you looking for a specific web site	True
I'm looking for information on duchess county tourism	are you traveling	False
figs	would you like to know more about growing figs	True
Tell me about ps 2 games?	what types of ps 2 games do you like to play	True
What is martha stewart and imclone?	do you want information about a specific espn sports program	False
Tell me about avp	are you interested in history of presidents	False
I'm looking for keyboard reviews	are you looking for a musical keyboard or a computer keyboard	True
Find information about the wall	are you looking for a specific web site	True
tell me about cass county missouri	do you want to know about the crime rate in cass county missouri	True
Tell me about Barbados.	would you like to know where barbados is	True
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	are you looking for gas grill instruction	False
Tell me about scooters.	is this for mobility or fun	True
I'm looking for information on recycling lead acid batteries	are you interested in the recycling process for lead acid batteries	True
What is Fickle Creek Farm	are you going to purchase anything there	True
Where can I find cheap internet	are you wondering who used cheap internet	True
Tell me about hotels in New York.	would you like to know more about a certain credit reporting company	False
Is Kenmore heater good	would you like to know how much a kenmore gas water heater is	True
I'm looking for flame designs	the history of flame design	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you referring to flushing new york	False
Looking for information about the Orange County Convention Center	do you want to know the events going on here	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	would you like to find exercises to lower your heart rate	False
I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	are you looking for east ridge high school activities	False
I'm interested in dinosaurs	are you interested in coloring books	True
Tell me about ron howard.	are you looking for upcoming movies by ron howard	True
What is equal opportunity employer?	are you looking for anything specific in terms of equal opportunity discrimination	True
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	are you referring to a federally funded food stamp program or one that is funded by the state government	False
all men are created equal	would you like to know the gettysburg address	True
Tell me more about us presidents	are you looking to find out unique middle names that presidents have had	True
Tell me about sonoma county medical services.	would you like to see a price range for gmat prep classes	False
How to prepare for the GMAT?	would you like to know who carries this product	False
Tell me about Neil Young.	do you want to find related artists	True
tell me about rice?	do you want to know the nutritional content of rice	True
Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	can i tell you about the north american plate that moves causing the eventual destruction of the volcano in yellowstone park	True
Tell me information about Volvo.	would you like to know what are their most popular vehicles	True
I'm looking for information on dieting	are you searching for dieting pills	True
Find information on hip fractures	are you interested in weather strips for doors	False
Find me information about diabetes education	are you wanting to join a diabetes education gtoup	True
tell me about UNC	do you need technical support related to your service	False
Tell me about the sit and reach test.	do you want to know the purpose of the test	True
Tell me about atypical squamous cells	do you want to learn about cervical cancer	True
I'd like to learn about joints	are you referring to the joints you roll	True
tell me about iron	are you interested in the common jobs in connecticut	False
Find information about penguins.	do you want to know more about companies headquartered in bellevue washington	False
How to get organised?	are you looking for a specific web site	True
What are specific dangers of asbestos?	are you interested in asnestos exposure	True
tell me about UNC	do you want to know internet phone service providers	False
Tell me about the sit and reach test.	do you need instructions to do the test	True
Tell me about hotels in New York.	do you need a map of hotels	True
Find me information about PVC	are you interested in how pvc is made	True
What are signs of a heartattack?	what age group are you reffering to	True
How should I use the septic system design	are you interested in schools in poterville	False
Tell me more on health clubs in Arkansas	would you like to see the hours of the sherwood regional library	False
what are continental plates	are you referencing earthquake activity	True
Give me air travel information.	are you looking for more info on air travel in general or a specific flight	True
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	is this an emergency	True
Tell me about source of the nile	do you want to know where the nile is located	True
tell me about ct jobs	are you looking for any specific information about the birds	False
Tell me more about dnr	are you interested in visiting barbados	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	do you know someone named rick warren	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	are you looking for gmat prep classes near you	True
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	are you looking for a list of all us presidents	True
Tell me about madam cj walker	are you looking for her whereabouts	True
Tell me about avp	is there a specific product you are looking for from the store	False
Tell me about of Ralph Owen Brester.	would you like to see the most effective methods of gmat prep	False
I'm interested in dinosaurs	are you interested in organ donation information	False
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you looking for a specific product in flushing queens	False
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	are you looking for a class for elliptical trainer	False
What can I do in sherwood regional library	do you need the contact information for the sherwood regional library	True
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	are you looking for outpatient services in mayo clinic	True
Information about raffles	are you looking for raffle tickets in your area to purchase	True
What to do in Arkansas	do you want to know how to get to arkansas	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you looking for a directions to the new york hall of science in flushing meadows corona park	False
Tell me about ron howard.	are you tring to find movies and tv shows where ron howard was an actor	True
Tell me information about Volvo.	which part of volvo are you interested in	True
I need information on income tax return online	are you looking for methods on how to repair leaks in pvc pipe	False
I need information about the University of Phoenix.	what major are you interested in	True
Find sewing instructions for me	would you like a book about sewing	True
What is yahoo	are you looking for any specific pictures	False
Find information about the secret garden.	what kind of wilson antenna are you interested in	False
Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	are you looking for product recalls	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	do you want to see cookbooks for grilling	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you looking for directions to bellevue	True
I am looking for sources of used car parts.	what type of car do you want parts for	True
How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	would you like a list of common interview questions	True
I'm interested in InuYasha	would you like to learn how to cheat in ps2 games	False
Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	what kind of pictures are you looking for	False
Find me information about PVC	do you want to know how to make ballet bars out of pvc	True
Give me information about tribe formerly living in alabama	are you looking for information on the cherokee tribe	True
What is equal opportunity employer?	do you want to know what being an equal opportunity employer means	True
Tell me about madam cj walker	are you looking for sarah breedlove	True
How to cook pork tenderlion	are you purchasing pork tenderloin today	True
Where can I buy pressure washers?	are you looking for a place to buy pressure washer parts	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you interested in pictures of worms	False
I’m looking for information on worm	are you looking for books on the korean language	False
I’m looking for the music man.	where are you looking to mount the antenna	False
Tell me information about Volvo.	are you trying to find more information about rick warren	False
how to hire disc jockey	are you interested in where the bowflex power pro is produced	False
What is yahoo	do you need to contact yahoo	True
Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	are you needing to know what its used for	True
Tell me about ps 2 games?	what is the most you are willing to spend on a ps 2 game	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	do you feel unprepared for the gmat test	True
Tell me about Barbados.	would you like to find a plane ticket to barbados	True
Tell me more about dnr	do you mean the department of natural resources	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	do you want to buy a hp mini 2140	False
Tell me about kansas city mo	are you interested in the whereabouts of the university of carolina	False
Tell me more about dnr	what city in barbados are you interested in learning	False
Tell me about vanuatu	are you interested in visiting	True
to be or not to be that is the question	are you talking about a psychology course	True
I’m looking for blue throated hummingbird	do you want to learn more about how blue throated hummingbirds mate	True
How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	do you want to purchase streaming services	False
Tell me about ps 2 games?	are you looking for ps 2 games prices	True
Tell me about hotels in New York.	do you need a map of hotels	True
I am looking for sources of used car parts.	do you want to sell used car parts	True
Find information about penguins.	are you looking for directions to bellevue	False
I'm interested in InuYasha	would you like to know more about the inuyasha illustrator and writer	True
What is USDA food pyramid	are you interested in the science behind the usda food pyramid	True
What is martha stewart and imclone?	are you interested in martha stewarts role in the company	True
What to do in Arkansas	are you searching for an image for lipoma	False
Tell me about Obama family tree.	which specific details would you like to learn about obamas heritage	True
tell me about iron	do you want to know where the uss yorktown is currently located	False
I'm looking for information on duchess county tourism	do you want a map of your local area	False
discovery channel store	which president are you looking for	False
Tell me about american military university.	would you like to know how to get to the american military university	True
I'm interested in dinosaurs	are you interested in dinosaur toys	True
figs	do you need information about medical services	False
Tell me about cell phones.	what cell phone apps are you interested in	True
butter and margarine	are you looking for the history of butter and margarine	True
Tell me about source of the nile	are you looking for some retailers	False
tell me about rock and gem shows	are you curious about rock and gem shows	True
Tell me about Barbados.	would you like to find a plane ticket to barbados	True
Take me to the current.	do you need an event schedule for the indiana state fairgrounds	False
TV on computer	are you interested in where the bowflex power pro is produced	False
I’m looking for information on worm	are you looking for information about hangul	False
Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	are you looking for bedroom furniture	True
figs	what variety of figs are you interested in	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	would you like to know about early signs of a heart attack	False
Tell me about black history.	are you interested in job openeings in kansas city mo	False
I'm looking for information on dieting	are you searching for dieting pills	True
How can I adopt a dog	would you like to how to adopt a dog	True
Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	what would you like to know about electronic skeet shoot	True
Find information about flushing.	are you looking for korean language symbols	False
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	would you like to register a domain name	True
I'm looking for flame designs	do you want black and white or colored designs	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	are you interested in weather strips for windows	False
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	would you like to see information on fishing in arizona	True
Information about east ridge high school.	are you trying to compare different fitness centers in arkadelphia ar	False
Find information about penguins.	is there a specific material it needs to be made from wood cement tin	False
Tell me about texas border patrol.	do you want to know how to become one	True
I'd like to learn about moths	are you wondering what moths eat	True
Tell me about Korean language.	are you wondering who speaks the korean language	True
I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	do you need the address of jax chemical company	True
Find Brooks Brothers clearance.	do you want to shop online for clothes	True
Find information on French Lick Resort and Casino.	are you interested in french lick resort and casinos hours of operation	True
How can one can become highway patrol	would you like to know how many tickets they right ever year	True
What is martha stewart and imclone?	do you want espn sports corporate information	False
Find information on hip fractures	are you interested in comparing coverage prices	False
I need information about the University of Phoenix.	is there any specific information that you need about online courses held by university of phoenix	True
what is the best long term care insurance	are you interested in getting a quote for coverage	True
What is yahoo	would you like to know more about kagome higurashi	False
TV on computer	do you want to know how to use the bowflex power pro	False
Find information about elliptical trainer	are you looking for reviews of gps apps	False
Find me information about PVC	may i provide you medical definition of premature ventricular contractions	True
How to get organised?	are you in the beginning or more advanced stages of getting organized	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	would you like to know what effects blood pressure and cholesterol	False
I am looking for sources of used car parts.	are you looking for the nearest junck yard	True
I'm looking for keyboard reviews	are you looking for a musical keyboard or a computer keyboard	True
What are characteristics of Uranus	are you wondering when uranus was discovered	True
Tell me more about Rocky Mountain News	would you like to see a list of reporters of the rocky mountain news	True
all men are created equal	who are you interested in learning about who has that quote attributed to them	True
Find me information about diabetes education	what are your requirments	False
all men are created equal	what else do you want to learn about the quote	True
I’m looking for the music man.	are you interested in the music man	True
tell me about ct jobs	are you looking for companies to build a fence for you	False
Find information about Mitchell College.	would you like stock information for avon products incorporated	False
Find information about elliptical trainer	are you looking for benefits of an elliptical trainer vs other fitness machines	True
What is equal opportunity employer?	are you looking for a specific web page	False
tell me about UNC	do you want to know the colors of unc	True
What is California Franchise Tax Board	do you want information on the tax board	True
What is yahoo	are you interested in inuyasha cosplay	False
I'm looking for information on hobby stores	is this a hobby for child	True
Where can I find cheap internet	what companies have the lowestcost internet service	True
Tell me about cell phones.	are you looking for directions to a disneyland hotel	False
Tell me about avp	do you want to know about the office of the president of the us	False
I'm looking for information on dieting	will the dieting be in combination with exercise or weight training	True
I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	are you looking for paralegal job opportunities	True
Tell me about avp	are you looking for avp beach volleyball	True
I’m looking for information on worm	are you wondering who speaks the korean language	False
I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	are you interested in awards received by the band	True
Tell me about cell phones.	what cell phone apps are you interested in	True
Find information about tornadoes	are you looking for signs to expect	True
Find information about flushing.	would you like directions to flushing new york	True
map	would you like a map with services or sites of interest listed	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	do you know what a heart attack is	False
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	would you like to take some courses on web design	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	how much do you need to lower your heart rate	False
tell me about UNC	are you looking fro a gs base payscale table for 2018	False
What are characteristics of Uranus	do you want to know how old it is estimated to be	True
I’m looking for information on worm	are you interested in pictures of worms	True
How should I use the septic system design	are you looking for engineers in such field	True
I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	are you looking to find out about the albums of the beatles	True
Give me information about Titan.	are you referring to a specific vehicle	True
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	would you like to see some reviews	True
Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	do you need any specific tips on decoration	True
Tell me about black history.	are you looking for a specific event or activity	True
Tell me about avp	would you like stock information for avon products incorporated	True
I'm interested in dinosaurs	would you like to see pictures or videos of dinosaurs	True
I’m looking for information on worm	are you trying to find out what worms eat	True
I'm looking for flame designs	what are you using the design for	True
Where can I buy pressure washers?	are you looking for the nearest location to buy a pressure washer	True
Tell me about folk remedies for a sore throat.	do you want to know if a home remedy will work for everyone	True
I'd like to learn about moths	are you looking to fix a moth infestation	True
Find sewing instructions for me	using needle and thread or a sewing machine	True
I'm interested in dinosaurs	which dinosaurs are you interested in	True
I'm looking for information on duchess county tourism	do you want a tourist map	False
Find information about Mitchell College.	are you interested in a specific web page	True
Where can I find information about forearm pain?	are you looking for treatments to forearm pain	True
Tell me about kansas city mo	would you like to see a listing for hotels in kansas city	True
Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	do you want to know about special events on espn	False
I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	are you looking for treatment options	True
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	what kind of information are you looking for news or research on the dangers of asbestos	False
I'm looking for information about South Africa	are you moving to south africa	True
I'm looking for keyboard reviews	are you looking for places to buy keyboards	True
How to get organised?	do you need tips on diy organizational methods	True
Tell me about madam cj walker	are you looking for any specific information about the business she started	True
Tell me more about Rocky Mountain News	are you talking about news in colorado	True
What can I do in sherwood regional library	would you like to know more about geothermal activities at yellowstone national park	False
Tell me information about Volvo.	are you interested in who is the ceo	True
map	do you want a tourist map	True
I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	do you need product information	True
I'm looking for flame designs	would you like information about the alternatives to violence project	False
What are signs of a heartattack?	are you interested in the cost for best long term care insurance or short term	False
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	were you looking for the causes of hip fractures	False
Give me air travel information.	are you interested in the history of air travel	True
Find information about the sun.	are you looking for a special news	True
Tell me about avp	are you referring to a software	True
Tell me about ron howard.	what would you like to know about his family	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	how would you like to lower your heart rate	True
Tell me about kansas city mo	would you like to see a map of kansas city mo	True
How to get organised?	are you interested in atari games or information about the brand	False
Find information about elliptical trainer	do you want to know how many gps satellites are active	False
I'm looking for a wedding budget calculator	did you want to see examples of budget weddings	True
Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	are you looking for our schedule of classes or events	True
What to do in Arkansas	are you searching for the information in regard to lipoma symptoms	False
I'm looking for flame designs	do you want black and white or colored designs	True
Tell me information about Volvo.	do you want to know about yahoo the company or yahoo the word	False
How to cook pork tenderlion	would you like to make a rub for pork tenderloin	True
Tell me more about dnr	are you interested in barbados ecology	False
How to change the toilet in the house	do you need tickets for the music man	False
What are the best recepies for grilling	are you looking for the magazine the grilling	True
I'm looking for universal animal cuts reviews	would you like to see the lowest reviews for universal animal cuts	True
Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	are you looking for a specific job or the job search site	False
Find information about penguins.	are you interested in a specific type of penguin	True
TV on computer	which tv and computer information would you like to know more about	True
Find information about the secret garden.	where are you looking to mount the antenna	False
Tell me about avp	is there a specific product you are looking for from the store	False
I'd like to learn about joints	do you have joint pain	True
Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	do you need an address	True
I am looking for sources of used car parts.	are you interested in heavy trucks part	True
what is the best long term care insurance	would you like a list of new york hotels	False
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	do you want to know the iron composition of steel	False
How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	do you want to know technical information about tv on computer	False
Tell me about source of the nile	do you want a history of the nile	True
Tell me about american military university.	would you be interested in learning more about the history of the american military university	True
Tell me about Afganistan.	would you like to know where afghanistan is located	True
tell me about tangible personal property tax	do you want to know about special events on espn	False
Find information about flushing.	what aspect of the flushing remostrance would you like to learn more about	True
I’m interested in civil right movement	do you want to know about specific key people	True
butter and margarine	do you need requirements for food stamps in iowa	False
What is Fickle Creek Farm	are you interested in jobs at mayo clinic jacksonville fl	False
Tell me about black history.	do you want to know major landmark dates	True
Tell me about Barbados.	are you interested in barbados	True
Tell me about of Ralph Owen Brester.	any specific company on your mind	False
How to change the toilet in the house	would you like to know about different types of toilets	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you looking for directions to bellevue	True
What are specific dangers of asbestos?	are you interested in the levels of dangers associated with asbsestos	True
Find condos in Florida.	are you looking to buy or lease	True
what are the popular jobs in Michigan	are you looking for a garden in you area	False
I'm interested in dinosaurs	what services do you want to find information about	False
How can one can become highway patrol	do you want to know if the tennessee highway patrol has reported any accidents	True
Find information on hip fractures	would you like to know more about sliding glass doors	False
Find me information about the Ritz Carlton Lake Las Vegas.	are you wanting a room at the ritz carlton in las vegas	True
Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	are you looking for product recalls	True
Tell me about Korean language.	what project do you want to use the pvc for	False
Information about raffles	what category are you searching for raffles in	True
Find me information about the sales tax in Illinois.	are you interested in how the illinois state tax is determined	True
Tell me about Pocono	what would you like to learn about the poconos	True
I'm interested in dinosaurs	are you interested in home decor items that are dinosaur related	True
How to change the toilet in the house	are you looking for reviews of the music man	False
where can I buy a trombone?	would you like to know the current rate	False
how to hire disc jockey	would you like to read about dj employment	True
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	did you want to know what the most popular cell phones are	False
Tell me about ps 2 games?	are you looking for ps 2 adventure games	True
Tell me more on Kansas city railroad	do you want to know facts about the creature worm	False
How to cook pork tenderlion	would you like to marinate your pork tenderloin	True
How can one can become highway patrol	would you like to know how many tickets they right ever year	True
I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	do you want a list of their songs	True
Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	are you looking for kitchen furniture	True
Find information about the wall	are you interested in a specific part of a home	True
tell me about wilson antenna	are you looking for flame design tracers	False
I want to learn about rock art.	do you want examples of rock art	True
Find information on Porterville.	do you want information about the arizona game and fish department	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	are you talking about the stock price of the giant	False
Tell about an adobe indian house?	do you want to know where to find adobe indian houses	True
Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	are you interested in how much you can get from this program	True
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	do you want to know the cost of internet phone service	True
I'm looking for information on duchess county tourism	where in specific in dutchess county were you curious about	True
Tell me about black history.	are you interested in job openeings in kansas city mo	False
Find information about the secret garden.	is the secret garden a book you are interested in	True
I need information on income tax return online	are you interested in a certain length of pvc pipe	False
Find me information about the Ritz Carlton Lake Las Vegas.	do you need a reservation at the ritz carlton in las vegas	True
I'm looking for information about South Africa	are you interested in going to south africa	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	do you want to go to arkansas	False
Where can I buy pressure washers?	are you wondering what a pressure washer is	True
What should I know about the civil war	are you looking for a specific movie	True
Tell me about Barbados.	are you looking for a clinic for lipoma treatment	False
What is Fickle Creek Farm	are you looking for information about staying at fickle creek farm	True
Where can I find cheap internet	are you interested in lowcost internet providers	True
I need information on income tax return online	what project do you want to use the pvc for	False
Find information about Mitchell College.	should i request an application to mitchell college	True
Find information on French Lick Resort and Casino.	are you looking for a particular casino in french lick	True
I’m looking for the music man.	do you need an address	False
how to build a fence?	are you referring to bellevue washington	False
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	what year do you want to know the president for	True
Where should I order dog clean-up bags	would you like to know a location to find dog clean bags	True
I’m looking for the music man.	are you interested in the music man	True
How can I adopt a dog	do you have a specific toilet brand on your mind	False
What is yahoo	are you interested in a specific season of inuyasha	False
how to build a fence?	are you looking for the college	False
What is martha stewart and imclone?	are you looking for a specific web site	True
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	did you want to know the amount of tourism dutchess county gets	False
I'm interested in mothers day songs	what mothers day song are you looking for	True
What is a 403b?	what year do you want to begin contributing 403b	True
Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	do you need information about furniture arrangement	True
How can I view my internet history?	do you want to know how to navigate to your history on your browser	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you looking for the college	True
I'm interested in InuYasha	which episodes of inuyasha would you like to see	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	are you interested in grilling a specefic food	True
I'm looking for flame designs	do you want realistic or cartoonish designs	True
Find information on hip fractures	would you like to find out the different types of payment options for the best long term care insurance	False
What is Fickle Creek Farm	what time are you wanting to visit this clinic	False
Tell me about texas border patrol.	are you trying to find out if they can use deadly force	True
How to change the toilet in the house	are you interested in educational reviews and essays about the secret garden for a homework assignment	False
Tell me about Korean language.	are you interested in how pvc is made	False
Find information about penguins.	are you looking for furniture	False
Give me information about Titan.	do you want to know about the tennessee titans	True
Tell me about avp	would you like information about the alternatives to violence project	True
I’m interested in old coins	do you want to buy old coins	True
How to change the toilet in the house	are you looking for the current performance of the music man	False
Find me information about the Ritz Carlton Lake Las Vegas.	would you like to know the capacity of ritz carlton lake las vegas	True
Tell me information about Volvo.	do you need to contact yahoo	False
Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	would you like to buy stencils online	False
Give me information about Titan.	are you referring to the titans from titanfall	True
Information about east ridge high school.	where are you looking to grow the ivy	False
Tell me more about USA tax for annuity	do you want more information about what an indexed annuity is	True
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	are you interested in history of presidents	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	are you iinterested in a kenmore gas water heater	False
Find information about atari	which atari game are you interested in	True
tell me about wilson antenna	what colors do you want to use	False
Tell me about atypical squamous cells	are you interested in atypical squamous cells in a test result	True
I’m looking for blue throated hummingbird	are you looking for any specific photos	True
How to get organised?	are you in the beginning or more advanced stages of getting organized	True
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	do you want to know the term length of a us president	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	what would you like to know about yahoo	False
What is yahoo	would you like to know more about the inuyasha illustrator and writer	False
Tell me about avp	do you wish to order online directly	False
what are the popular jobs in Michigan	would you like to see reviews on specific movies and tv shows	False
Tell me about weather stripping	are you interested in black celebrities	False
Tell me about of Ralph Owen Brester.	would you like to see the most effective methods of gmat prep	False
tell me about cass county missouri	which neighborhood in cass county are you interested in	True
I'm looking for information on recycling lead acid batteries	are you interested to learn how many lead acid batteries are recycled	True
Tell me bio of george bush sr.	would you like to know about george bush srs family	True
Tell me about hotels in New York.	what is your price range	True
What is yahoo	do you have high blood pressure	False
I'm looking for information about South Africa	would you like to see some pictures of south africa	True
Find information about the gs pay rate	would you like to know about its apperance	False
I’m looking for the music man.	which hospital facility are you look for	False
Tell me information about computer programming.	are you looking for information on different computer programming languages	True
Find information about atari	do you want to purchase an atari game	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	how much do you need to lower your heart rate	False
Tell me about Korean language.	what age range would you like to see recommended vldl levels for	False
Find information on hip fractures	were you looking for the causes of hip fractures	True
tell me about iron	would you like to figure out iron alloys used to make stainless steel	True
Tell me about Barbados.	would you like to know what causes lipoma tumors	False
I'm interested in InuYasha	would you like to compare specific ps 2 games	False
tell me about bart sf	are you looking for contact info in relation to bart sf	True
I want to learn about rock art.	are you looking for information about cave painting in any location	True
How do I get my free annual credit report?	do you wish to know the climate of vanuatu	False
figs	what variety of figs are you interested in	True
What is yahoo	are you referring to the internet browser	True
What is yahoo	are you looking for any specific pictures	False
What is martha stewart and imclone?	are you looking for specific information about martha stewart and imcones age	True
Give me espn sports information.	are you looking for standings of a specific sport	True
How to change the toilet in the house	do you need to repair your toilet	True
Tell me about sonoma county medical services.	would you like to know the phone number of mayo clinic jacksonville fl	False
Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	may i tell you the numnber of earthquakes recorded in the past month in the yellowstone area	True
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	would you like directions to the nearest iowa food stamp office	False
What is martha stewart and imclone?	do you want to know if this is the company martha stewart went to jail for	True
tell me about rice?	what type of rice dish are you looking for	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	are you looking for any specific pictures	False
tell me about rice?	do you need instructions for cooking rice	True
I am looking for sources of used car parts.	are you interested in heavy trucks part	True
Tell me about black history.	are you looking for black history books	True
I'd like to learn about moths	are you looking for luna moths	True
Tell me about ron howard.	would you want to know about ron howards acting career	True
I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	are you looking for a specific representative in relation to the company	False
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	do you want information about the arizona game and fish department	True
Tell me about Korean language.	do you wish to take a korean language test	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	do you need to know how to trun a grill on	True
Tell me about Korean language.	have you used jackson hewitt before	False
How to register dmv in va?	are you looking for a specific web page	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	are you trying to know the warranty period of hp mini 2140	False
Find information about Mitchell College.	are you looking for pages that compare mitchell college with others	True
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	are you looking for a specific web site	True
Looking for information about the Orange County Convention Center	do you want to know the address	True
I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	would you like to know about risk factors of lymphoma in dogs	True
figs	are you looking for recipes with figs	True
Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	do you want to sell furniture	True
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	are you requesting information about the dangers of asbestos or the symptoms of associated with asbestos exposure	False
Find me information about diabetes education	are you wanting to join a diabetes education gtoup	True
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	are you looking for some medication	False
Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	are you looking for anything specific in terms of equal opportunity discrimination	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	how much do you need to lower your heart rate	False
Tell me more about Rocky Mountain News	are you interested in news archives	True
Tell me about Korean language.	do you wish to take a korean language test	True
Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	regarding food stamps in iowa are you looking for eligibility information	True
Tell me about of Ralph Owen Brester.	what score would you like to achieve on the gmat test	False
What are characteristics of Uranus	are you wondering what probe visited uranus	True
Tell me about madam cj walker	are you looking for any specific information about the business she started	True
tell me about ct jobs	which part of connecticut are you interested in	True
Is Kenmore heater good	is there any specific information that you would like to know about employment requirements at pnl	False
Tell me more about HP mini 2140	are you looking for legal forms	False
Is Kenmore heater good	do you need the address or location for the company	False
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	is it for a blog or for online retail	True
Find information about the wall	are you referring to the nbc television show	True
Tell me about fybromyalgia	are you interested in the size of the company	False
Find information about atari	would you like to play atari arcade games online	True
Tell me about ps 2 games?	are you looking to take a class about diabetes	False
Tell me about ron howard.	are you interested in ron howards life story and career highlights	True
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	do you want to know the city where the indiana state fairgrounds are located	True
What is martha stewart and imclone?	do you want to know when espn started	False
tell me about ct jobs	are there specific jobs you are looking for	True
tell me about diversity	would you like to see results about diversity in a business setting	True
Tell me more about Rocky Mountain News	are you specifically interested in the paper published in denver co	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	do you want to know about worm castings	False
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	are you interested in jobs at mayo clinic jacksonville fl	True
I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	are you looking for treatment options	True
What is yahoo	do you want dietary recommendations	False
Find information about the sun.	are you looking for information about how big the sun is	True
Information about east ridge high school.	in which state are you looking for east ridge high school	True
I'm interested in dinosaurs	are you looking for a specific dinosaur	True
Where can I find cheap internet	are you looking for any bundles or deals	True
map	would you like a map with services or sites of interest listed	True
Tell me about black history.	are you looking for an apartment in kansas city mo	False
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	would you like to know where indiana state fairgrounds is on a map	True
I'm looking for information on recycling lead acid batteries	do you want to learn how to recycle lead acid batteries	True
Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	are you looking for dining room furniture	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	are you looking for a political debate	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	arey you conerned about someones face becoming red	False
tell me about iron	are you looking for ct jobs in your area	False
What is yahoo	do you have high blood pressure	False
Find information about the secret garden.	are you interested in educational reviews and essays about the secret garden for a homework assignment	True
I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	do you need information on the prognosis of lymphoma in dogs	True
Find information on Porterville.	is there any specific web page on your mind	True
I am looking for sources of used car parts.	are you looking for a specific web site	True
tell me about wilson antenna	do you want to know when the next semester starts at mitchell college	False
I'm looking for information about South Africa	would you like to know about south african food	True
where can I buy a trombone?	how much do you report for your income	False
tell me about UNC	would you like information on the university of north carolina unc	True
tell me about UNC	is unc the name of a game	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	are you interested in dnr stock	False
Tell me about weather stripping	do you want to know major landmark dates	False
Tell me about avp	are you referring to alien vs predator	True
How to change the toilet in the house	are you looking for topics related to bathroom health	True
I'm looking for information on VLDL levels	what levels of vldl levels are you looking for normal or abnormal	True
discovery channel store	do you want to see the store catalogue	True
Tell me more about satilies	are you looking for a company which provides internet services	True
Tell me about cell phones.	are you looking for a hotel inside disneyland	False
What should I know about the civil war	are you looking for a specific battle	True
Find me information about diabetes education	would you like to register a domain name	False
Tell me about Korean language.	would you like information on filing income taxes	False
figs	would you like us to show you where to buy figs and other fresh fruit locally	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	would you like to know more about hunting rules	False
How can I quick smoking	are you wondering how other people have quit smoking	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	do you want to find out about the animal worm or a why a person is called a worm	False
I’m looking for information on worm	are you interested in pictures of worms	True
How to cook pork tenderlion	are you interested in a pork recipe	True
figs	are you interested in a tank design or one that dumps into open water	False
what is the best long term care insurance	are you looking for reviews of hotels	False
tell me about bart sf	are you taking the bart from san francisco international airport	True
Tell me about Obama family tree.	which family members of obama are you interested in learning more about	True
What is yahoo	how would you like to watch inuyasha episodes	False
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	do you need directions to culpeper national cemetery	True
TV on computer	would you like to see an instruction manual	False
Tell me information about Volvo.	are you interested in who is the ceo	True
Find information about flushing.	are you looking for a directions to the new york hall of science in flushing meadows corona park	True
discovery channel store	would you like to know information about iron fe	False
Find information on ontario california airport.	what ammendities are you looking for in your airport	True
How to change the toilet in the house	are you looking for a summary of the music man plot	False
Find information on raised gardens.	do you need information on materials needed	True
Tell me about weather stripping	would you like to know what a weather strip is	True
Information about bobcat	would you like to learn about tractors	True
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	are you looking for gas grill instruction	False
Tell me about atypical squamous cells	do you want to learn about atypical squamous cells in a pap smear	True
Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	do you want information about which sports espn covers	False
What are the best recepies for grilling	would you like to fill an application for a hunting licence	False
I'm looking for keyboard reviews	would you like information on this years keyboards	True
Tell me about weather stripping	are you looking for black history books	False
I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	are you interested in a specifc song from the beatles	True
I’m looking for information on worm	are you interested in the history of the korean language	False
Tell me about source of the nile	are you interested in the origin of the nile	True
I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	are you looking for information about the sports facilities at the school	False
What can I do in sherwood regional library	do you want to check out a certain book or see if it is available	True
I'd like to learn about moths	which type of moth are you looking for	True
Tell me about kansas city mo	may i provide you a list of best credit reporting agencies	False
Tell me about avp	are you referring to alien vs predator	True
Tell me more on Kansas city railroad	would you like to know what a conficker is	False
Find information on Porterville.	do you want to know about indoor or outdoor grilling	False
Find information about the secret garden.	what do you want to use the antenna for	False
what are continental plates	do you want to know how many continental plates there are	True
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	do you need directions to the indiana state fairgrounds	True
Looking for information about the Orange County Convention Center	do you need a hotel	True
Find information about penguins.	are you looking for korean community services	False
What is yahoo	which inuyasha characters are you interested in	False
I need information about the University of Phoenix.	do you want to find a restaurant or store here	False
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you referring to bellevue iowa	True
Tell me about Korean language.	what levels of vldl levels are you looking for normal or abnormal	False
Information about east ridge high school.	are you looking for a specific web site	True
Give me espn sports information.	are you looking for information on a specific sport	True
Tell me more about USA tax for annuity	do you want to calculate how much an indexed annuity would provide	True
How can one can become highway patrol	do you want to know how many employees work for the tn highway patrol	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	do you have any medical conditions	False
Tell me about Pocono	do you need the website for the university of phoenix	False
Give me espn sports information.	do you want to know about special events on espn	True
How to cook pork tenderlion	how would you like to cook your pork tenderloin	True
Tell me information about Volvo.	do you need any specific information on obama inauguration	False
Tell me about cell phones.	do you want the address	False
Tell me about cell phones.	do you need information about cell phone plans	True
Give me information about Titan.	are you referring to a specific vehicle	True
tell me about rice?	what type of rice dish are you looking for	True
Find information about the gs pay rate	do you need a gs pay calculator	True
Tell about an adobe indian house?	what type of adobe indian house are you looking for	True
tell me about ct jobs	are you interested in the penguins of madagascar	False
What are the best recepies for grilling	are you looking for gas grill instruction	True
How should I use the septic system design	are you looking for the cost	True
Find information on Porterville.	are you looking for a hotel near porterville	True
Find information about atari	do you want stores selling elliptical trainer	False
Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	what makes people think the yellowstone volcano will erupt soon	True
Find information about elliptical trainer	would you like information on how gps works	False
I need information on income tax return online	are you interested in a certain fitting for a pvc pipe	False
Find information about elliptical trainer	do you want stores selling elliptical trainer	True
Find information about atari	would you like to play atari arcade games online	True
I need information about the University of Phoenix.	are you looking for any specific venues in porterville	False
Information about east ridge high school.	are you looking for information about the sports facilities at the school	True
how to hire disc jockey	would you like to know the way to culpeper national cemetary	False
where can I buy a trombone?	would you like to see music stores in your area	True
Tell me more about HP mini 2140	do you want to know the specs of hp mini 2140	True
I'm looking for information on VLDL levels	vldl and ldl are both considered types of bad cholesterol	True
How to get organised?	do you need tips on diy organizational methods	True
Tell me about ron howard.	are you looking for ron howard biographies	True
Information about raffles	would you like to book a hotel i singapore	True
Is Kenmore heater good	do you need the address or location for the company	False
I'm interested in mothers day songs	is there a certain genre of music you prefer	True
What to do in Arkansas	are you looking for arkansas football	True
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	would you like to know information about iron fe	False
Find me information about diabetes education	do you want help finding a medical doctor for diabetes education	True
Tell me about ps 2 games?	would you like to compare specific ps 2 games	True
What is martha stewart and imclone?	would you be interested in learning more about martha stewart and imclones history	True
tell me about iron	are you interested in knowing how iron is made	True
all men are created equal	are you looking for declaration of independence at the national archives	True
What is yahoo	are you interested in the years inuyasha was shown in tv	False
Find information about elliptical trainer	are you interested in the accuracy of the gps	False
What are signs of a heartattack?	would you like to know the age should to start buying best long term care insurance	False
Tell me about cell phones.	are you interested in a specific brand of cell phone	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	are you looking for an online or inperson gmat prep class	True
butter and margarine	are you interested in the the nutritional value of butter and margarine	True
I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	would you like to see their homepage	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you referring to flushing new york	False
Find me information about the Ritz Carlton Lake Las Vegas.	would you like the location of the ritz carlton lake las vegas	True
Find information about the wall	are you interested in hearing facts about the proposed border wall	True
What is yahoo	are you referring to the search engine	True
Tell me about Neil Young.	are you interested in neil youngs history	True
Tell me about Obama family tree.	what is ralph owen brewser famous for	False
Tell me about Afganistan.	are you looking for a map of afghanistan	True
Find information about the secret garden.	what colors do you want to use	False
Tell me about ps 2 games?	what is the most you are willing to spend on a ps 2 game	True
Is Kenmore heater good	what year model are you looking for	True
Tell me information about computer programming.	are you looking for information on jobs	True
I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	do you want to know the price of hp mini 2140	False
How is identifying spider bites?	would you like to know the symptoms associated with bites from different kinds of spider	True
tell me about rice?	do you want to know how rice is grown	True
figs	ae you looking for examples of septic system design	False
Find me information on sat	are you interested in a specific web page	True
I'd like to learn about joints	would you like to know the various diseases of the joints	True
I’m looking for blue throated hummingbird	do you want to find them in mexico or in the us	True
Find information on Porterville.	are you looking for a recipe for grilled fish	False
Tell me about Pocono	what would you like to do in the poconos	True
Tell me about black history.	are you interested in black history	True
I'm looking for a wedding budget calculator	what are your budget priorities for your wedding	True
Find information about atari	are you interested in playing online games	True
Tell me about ps 2 games?	is the ps 2 games for a child or an adult	True
tell me about mgb	are you looking for what mgb stands for	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	are you looking for any specific pictures	False
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	would you like to know how butter and margarine affect the food you eat	False
Is Kenmore heater good	are you looking for a specific model or part	True
Find me information about PVC	are you interested in pvc pipe	True
Tell me more about dnr	do you want to know if dnr is legal where you live	True
How should I use the septic system design	are you interested in an avanced treatment below ground design	True
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	are you interested in learning about a presidents power	True
I'm looking for flame designs	do you want to know about a management position	False
What are signs of a heartattack?	what area of the country do you live in	False
I'm looking for information on duchess county tourism	are you seeking an event calendar for dutchess county	True
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	are you looking for requirements to become a food assistance	False
Tell me about sonoma county medical services.	would you like to request an appointment	False
Find me information on sat	are you searching for your sat scores	True
I need information on income tax return online	what aspect of pvc are you interested in the manufacturing or the applications	False
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	do you need information about a volvo dealership	False
How can one can become highway patrol	are you interested in who is in charge of the tn highway patrol	True
Tell me information about Volvo.	do you need information about a volvo dealership	True
Tell me about Afganistan.	do you want to know the weather of a specific city in afghanistan	True
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	would you like directions to the nearest iowa food stamp office	False
Find information about the secret garden.	would you like to know more about the short story by g k chesterton	True
What can I do in sherwood regional library	do you want to know the hours of operation	True
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	do you need to apply for food stamps in iowa	False
how to build a fence?	are you looking for bellevue baptist church	False
Where can I find information about forearm pain?	there are some interesting articles on preventing forearm pain are you interested	True
Tell me about cell phones.	would you like to how to adopt a dog	False
Tell me about Bellevue.	do you want to know about worms in dogs	False
How can I quick smoking	are you looking for side effects of quitting smoking	True
I'm looking for keyboard reviews	are you interested in digital pianos	True
I'm interested in poker tournaments	do you want to find local tournaments near you	True
Tell me about Afganistan.	do you want to know the weather of a specific city in afghanistan	True
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	how much data do you need stored	True
Find me information about the Ritz Carlton Lake Las Vegas.	are you wanting the rates for the ritz carlton in las vegas	True
Find me information about the sales tax in Illinois.	for which year would you like to know the illinois state tax	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	are you looking for lipoma removal	True
Tell me about black history.	are you looking for a specific event or activity	True
tell me about tangible personal property tax	what is the tax rate for the state you are in	True
Which gps receiver I should buy	are you looking for a hotel inside disneyland	False
Tell me about Pocono	are you interested in the history of the pcoconos	True
Tell me about american military university.	are you talking about the navel academy	True
Find me information about diabetes education	how much are you willing to spend monthly for hosting	False
I’m looking for blue throated hummingbird	do you want to know what they look like	True
where can I buy a trombone?	are you interested in martha stewarts role in the company	False
What is California Franchise Tax Board	do you want information on the tax board	True
How to change the toilet in the house	are you looking for lyrics from the songs from the music man	False
Tell me about Barbados.	are you interested in visiting barbados	True
Tell me about kansas city mo	would you like to know the weather in kansas city	True
butter and margarine	do you want a tourist map	False
Tell me information about a sore throat.	would you like to know where indiana state fairgrounds is on a map	False
Tell me about madam cj walker	would you like to know about madam cj walkers products	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you looking for things to do in bellevue	True
how to hire disc jockey	do you need to book a dj for an event	True
I’m interested in civil right movement	is there any specific historical movement on your mind	True
Give me espn sports information.	what would you like to do in the poconos	False
Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	are you interested in staying here for certain dates	True
Tell me about Obama family tree.	who is ralph owen brewster	False
tell me about rice?	are you interested in a specific web page	True
Tell me about sonoma county medical services.	are you looking for outpatient services in mayo clinic	False
Tell me about cell phones.	what breed of dogs are you looking for	False
Tell me about hotels in New York.	would you like to book a new york hotel	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you looking for the college	True
How to use wiki?	would would you like to know about the most popular wikibased website	True
Find me information about the Ritz Carlton Lake Las Vegas.	would you like to read some reviews of the ritz carlton lake las vegas	True
I'm looking for information on hobby stores	is this a hobby for child	True
I need information on income tax return online	did you need clarification on your tax return	True
Tell me about texas border patrol.	are you trying to find out if they can use deadly force	True
figs	if youre interested in recipes would you like savory or sweet receipes do you have other specific ingredients in mind	True
Tell me about vanuatu	are you looking for flights to vanuatu	True
I'm looking for flame designs	are you looking for flame design tracers	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	do you want to go to arkansas	False
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	are you interested in free websites or would you like your own domain	True
I'm looking for information on dieting	do you want to know if dieting is safe	True
how to build a fence?	do you need information about bellevue nebraska	False
tell me about tangible personal property tax	do you want to know the tangible personal property tax	True
Find information on Porterville.	are you looking for a contact number for the city government	True
map	do you want themed maps	True
figs	do you want to know about alternatives to a septic system	False
What are signs of a heartattack?	are you at risk for having a heart attack	True
How to change the toilet in the house	are you looking for toilet cleaners	True
Find information about tornadoes	are you interested in how tornadoes are formed	True
What to do in Arkansas	do you want to go to arkansas	True
I'm interested in poker tournaments	do you want to watch a tournament online	True
What is yahoo	would any specific game interest you	False
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	are you looking for the symptoms of lymphoma in dogs	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	what is the heart rate youre looking to achieve	False
how to hire disc jockey	do you want to know the history of culpeper national cemetery	False
How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	would you like to know the way to culpeper national cemetary	False
Tell me about avp	shall i open discovery channel store homepage	False
Find information about the gs pay rate	are you interested in applying for federal jobs	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	do you have high blood pressure	False
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	are you interested in free websites or would you like your own domain	True
Find information about penguins.	would you like to see penguins of madagascar	True
map	are you interested in satellite maps	True
Tell me more about satilies	are you looking for history of the satellite radio systems	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	are you referring to the author	True
tell me about rice?	are you referring to a person named rice	True
Tell me about kansas city mo	are you interested in kansas city mo tourism	True
Find me information about the Ritz Carlton Lake Las Vegas.	are you looking for a specific web site	True
I'm interested in InuYasha	would you like to know more about ps2 console design	False
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	would you like to know about iron deficiencies	False
tell me about rock and gem shows	are you looking for dinosaur books	False
What is martha stewart and imclone?	do you want an espn sports schedule	False
What are characteristics of Uranus	do you want to read an encyclopedia entry on uranus	True
How do I get my free annual credit report?	do you wish to know the climate of vanuatu	False
tell me about iron	are you looking for iron metal products	True
Tell me about sonoma county medical services.	would you like to know more about the mayo clinic facilities and services	False
What are signs of a heartattack?	are you at risk for having a heart attack	True
tell me about iron	are you looking for irons melting point	True
Tell me about kansas city mo	are you interested in recent news headlines from kansas city mo	True
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	would you like to take some courses on web design	True
tell me about UNC	which internet phone service providers are you interested in	False
Child support in Indiana?	would you like a list of forms for processing child support claims	True
Which gps receiver I should buy	do you need information about special deals	False
I'm interested in InuYasha	what area of your home would you like to organize	False
Find Brooks Brothers clearance.	are you looking for online promotions	True
I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	do you want a list of firms that are currently hiring paralegals	True
Find information about flushing.	do you wish to take a korean language test	False
Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	would you like to know trending data or a timeline for the uplift at yellowstone national park	True
Tell me about hotels in New York.	are you looking for reviews of hotels	True
Tell me about Barbados.	are you interested in barbados flag	True
tell me about cass county missouri	is there any specific information that you are looking for	True
How can I quick smoking	are you wondering if it is hard to quit smoking	True
I need information about the University of Phoenix.	are you looking for a contact number for the city government	False
Which gps receiver I should buy	would you like to know about different types of toilets	False
Tell me information about Volvo.	do you need any specific information on obama inauguration	False
Give me information on OCD.	do you want examples of ocd	True
Tell me about designer dog breeds.	do you want to know what are cosidered designer dog breeds	True
Tell me about weather stripping	would you like to purchase a weather stripping product	True
Find information about the wall	are you referring to the nbc television show	True
Find me information about the Last Supper painting.	do you want to know why leonardo davinci painted the last supper painting	True
tell me about cass county missouri	do you want to know about the crime rate in cass county missouri	True
Find me information on sat	do you want more information about the sandy actors theater	True
Child support in Indiana?	do you pay child support in indiana	True
Find condos in Florida.	are you planning to live there or are you looking for an investment property	True
I'm looking for flame designs	are you looking for any specific heatrelated illness in dogs	False
How to change the toilet in the house	are you trying to find specific toilet parts	True
how to hire disc jockey	would you like to know the history of culpeper national cemetary	False
tell me about iron	woud you like a list of items made from iron	True
Find information on ontario california airport.	would you like to know more about arrivals or departures	True
Find information about atari	are you referring to the machine or person	False
Find Brooks Brothers clearance.	do you want to shop online for clothes	True
Tell me about ps 2 games?	are you searching for a local educational program	False
Tell me about of Ralph Owen Brester.	how old is ralph owen brewseter	True
Find information about the sun.	do you want to know facts about the sun	True
What to do in Arkansas	are you interested in the history of barbados	False
I am looking for sources of used car parts.	would you like to know maore about getting the best used car parts	True
What are specific dangers of asbestos?	would you like to read about dj employment	False
I’m looking for the music man.	do you want to listen to songs from the music man	True
I need information on income tax return online	are you looking for information about efiling federal income tax return	True
I want to learn about rock art.	are you looking for information about cave painting in any location	True
Tell me information about Volvo.	are you asking what year the company originated	True
How do I get my free annual credit report?	may i provide you a list of best credit reporting agencies	True
tell me about UNC	would you like to learn about unc sports	True
Find Brooks Brothers clearance.	do you want information on sales and discounts	True
Find information about the sun.	are you looking for how hot the sun is	True
Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	do you want to buy it online	True
Find information on French Lick Resort and Casino.	are you looking for deals and offers related to french lick resort	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	are you looking for ps 2 games prices	False
Find information on ontario california airport.	do you need directions to ontario california airport	True
Where should I order dog clean-up bags	are you looking for the best to purchase	True
Find me information on sat	are you searching for your sat scores	True
I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	are you referring to lymphoma in the mouth	True
tell me about wilson antenna	do you want black and white or colored designs	False
I'm looking for flame designs	do you want realistic or cartoonish designs	True
Tell me more about dnr	are you looking for a specific website	False
Find me information about the sales tax in Illinois.	for which year would you like to know the illinois state tax	True
Give me information on OCD.	do you want to know more about the different types of ocd	True
I'm looking for information on VLDL levels	are you interested in ways to reduce vldl levels	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	are you looking for gas grill instruction	True
Is Kenmore heater good	do you want to compare different models	True
Where can I buy pressure washers?	do you wish to rent a pressure washer	True
I'd like to learn about joints	are you asking about cannabis	True
Find information about flushing.	are you interested in the history of the korean language	False
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	are you looking for a job in dutchess county in regards to tourism	False
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	are you looking for a specific web site	False
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	do you want to know about the office of the president of the us	True
Tell me about scooters.	is this for mobility or fun	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	do you have any medical conditions	False
I'm looking for a wedding budget calculator	what was the price range you were looking for	True
Find information about penguins.	are you looking for directions to bellevue	False
Tell me information about computer programming.	do you need any specific information about its job market	True
What are signs of a heartattack?	do you want to know about a specific person	False
Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	what are you using the design for	False
I'm interested in dinosaurs	are you looking for physical locations of dmv offices	False
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	are you looking for more information on food stamps in iowa	False
Find information about elliptical trainer	are you interested in the accuracy of the gps	False
Find me information about PVC	would you like to know what pvc is made of	True
who invented music	do you want to know the first song ever recorded	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	is someone you know experiencing a heart attack	False
Find information about Mitchell College.	would you like directions to mitchell college	True
tell me about rice?	do you want to know the country where rice was created	True
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	would you like to see some different exercises which can be done with this equipment	True
Find information on French Lick Resort and Casino.	do you need to know all of the locations for french lick resort and casino	True
I'm interested in InuYasha	are you in the beginning or more advanced stages of getting organized	False
Tell me about of Ralph Owen Brester.	what is ralph owen brewsters background	True
Find information on Porterville.	would like to know about any specific sports team	True
Tell me about weather stripping	would you like to learn about weather stripping	True
I’m looking for blue throated hummingbird	would you like to know about the current population numbers of blue throated hummingbirds	True
Where can I find information about forearm pain?	does your forearm hurt from sports	True
Tell me about texas border patrol.	do you want to know how to become one	True
Is Kenmore heater good	are you iinterested in a kenmore gas water heater	True
I'm looking for flame designs	would you like to know about the alien versus predator movie	False
What are the best recepies for grilling	do you want to know if dnr is legal where you live	False
I'm looking for universal animal cuts reviews	were you interested in how much weight people lost	True
map	do you want themed maps	True
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	would you like to buy tickets for a specific event there	True
Tell me about texas border patrol.	would you like to know how many there are	True
How to get organised?	would you like to play atari arcade games online	False
Give me espn sports information.	would you like to know the climate figs are found in	False
Where can I find cheap internet	what companies have the lowestcost internet service	True
Find information about penguins.	are you referring to the move	True
What can I do in sherwood regional library	are you interested in something specific about martha stewart and imclone	False
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	do you need to know how to trun a grill on	False
how to hire disc jockey	are you looking for any specific information on bowflex power pro	False
How can I adopt a dog	do you need information on how to install a toilet	False
How can I quick smoking	are you having trouble quitting somking	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	would you like to know why its important to lower your heart rate	False
Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	how big do you want the flames to be	False
What is martha stewart and imclone?	are you interested in what the the company imclone does	True
I’m interested in civil right movement	do you want to know about specific key people	True
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	are you looking for the current president of the united states	True
I'm interested in InuYasha	are you looking for any specific pictures	True
Tell me more on health clubs in Arkansas	are you trying to compare different fitness centers in arkadelphia ar	True
Find information about atari	which atari game system would you like to know about	True
I’m looking for information on worm	are you looking for korean language symbols	False
I need information on income tax return online	how did you file your previous year taxes	True
Tell me about vines for shade.	do you want to know if martha stweart works for the company	False
Tell me about of Ralph Owen Brester.	would you like to know what movie star portrayed brewster in the movie the aviator and what award the movie star was nominated for the performance	True
I'd like to learn about joints	are you looking to buy joints	True
I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	are you interested in the treatment costs of lymphoma in dogs	True
Tell me about Pocono	do you want to know the latest weather updates for pocono mountains	True
Tell me more about HP mini 2140	are you looking for legal forms	False
Tell me about Korean language.	do you need korean language classes	True
how to hire disc jockey	would you like to know how to become a dj	True
Find information on raised gardens.	do you need information on best climate for specific plants	True
Where can I find cheap internet	are you wondering how to reduce your internet bill	True
Tell me about Barbados.	would you like to know about lipomas based on any specific demographics	False
How can I lower my heart rate?	would you like to know what effects hart beat rate	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	do you want to access yahoo mail	False
Tell me about Barbados.	would you like to know where barbados is	True
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	would like to go hunting or fishing in arizona	True
I'm interested in InuYasha	would you like to know more about kagome higurashi	True
How should I use the septic system design	are you looking for the basics of septic system design	True
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	regarding food stamps in iowa are you looking for eligibility information	False
How to prepare for the GMAT?	would you like to know more about the gmat test	True
Find information about tornadoes	are you wondering where tornadoes are more likely	True
Tell me about avp	what year do you want to know the president for	False
Tell me about american military university.	would you like to place an order	False
Find information about Mitchell College.	should i request an application to mitchell college	True
Give me information on OCD.	do you want to know more about the different types of ocd	True
Tell me about avp	are you looking for a specific web site	True
Find me information about diabetes education	are you interested in paid services	False
Tell me information about Volvo.	do you need information about a volvo dealership	True
How can I adopt a dog	what adoption agency or shelter would you like to use	True
I need information on income tax return online	would you like to know more about hr block	True
I'm looking for flame designs	would you like to know what avp stands for	False
Tell me about kansas city mo	are you interested in visiting kansas city	True
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	which department are you interested in at mayo clinic jacksonville fl	True
Tell me about source of the nile	are you referring to the nile river	True
Tell me information about computer programming.	are you looking for information on different computer programming languages	True
Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	what do you need to know about equal opportunity employment	False
I'm interested in InuYasha	would you like to watch an inuyasha movie	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	do you want to know about worms in dogs	False
Find sewing instructions for me	are you interested to teach sewing to children	True
What is California Franchise Tax Board	are you interested in example of thank you letters for interview	False
What is yahoo	are you referring to the insane person across the street	True
Tell me information about Volvo.	would you like to know what their rating is compare to other car companies	True
Tell me about Obama family tree.	what is ralph owen brewsters education	False
Tell me about scooters.	do you have a specific brand name on your mind	True
How to change the toilet in the house	are you looking for specific products related to toilets	True
How do I get my free annual credit report?	may i provide you a list of best credit reporting agencies	True
What should I know about the civil war	are you looking for a specific movie	True
I'm looking for information on hobby stores	are you looking for stores that are currently open	True
I'd like to learn about joints	are you asking about cannabis	True
discovery channel store	would you like to know information about iron fe	False
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	are you looking for the first president ever	True
TV on computer	are you interested in buying a tv with a computer included	True
Tell me about avp	do you want a spell check for avp	True
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	would like to go hunting or fishing in arizona	True
Child support in Indiana?	do you owe child support in indiana	True
Find information about the wall	do you neeed dry wall products	True
What is California Franchise Tax Board	are you looking for reviews of djs	False
butter and margarine	are you looking to subsitute butter and margarine	True
What to do in Arkansas	do you want information on jobs in arkansas	True
Tell me about kansas city mo	what does unc mean	False
Find information about Mitchell College.	are you interested in the ranking of mitchell college	True
Is Kenmore heater good	is there a specific representative that you need contact information for	False
Find information about penguins.	are you referring to the move	True
I want to learn about rock art.	are you referring to a music genre	True
I need information on income tax return online	are you looking to buy pvc pipe	False
What are characteristics of Uranus	are you wondering when uranus was discovered	True
Tell me information about computer programming.	are you looking for nearby coding classes	True
Where can I find cheap internet	do you already have a phone service	True
I’m looking for blue throated hummingbird	would you like information about their breeding	True
I'm interested in poker tournaments	do you want to know who won the last world series of poker	True
Find information about Mitchell College.	are you referring to a software	False
Tell me about avp	are you referring to a software	True
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	do you need maps for arizona hunting and fishing	True
Tell me about scooters.	will this be for an adult or child	True
How to get organised?	which atari computer system would you like to know about	False
I need information about the University of Phoenix.	are you looking for a specific place here	False
What can I do in sherwood regional library	can i tell you about the north american plate that moves causing the eventual destruction of the volcano in yellowstone park	False
who invented music	are you interested in musical notes and their origins	True
How should I use the septic system design	are you looking for any specific venues in porterville	False
I need information on income tax return online	would you like to know about premature ventricular contractions medical treatments	False
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	are you looking for a specific web page	True
Tell me about kids earth day activities	what are the ages of the children you want to find activities for	True
Find information about tornadoes	would you like historic information	True
tell me about diversity	is there a specific type of diversity statistic you are looking for	True
tell me about wilson antenna	what are you using the design for	False
Tell me about cell phones.	would you like an active or relaxed dog	False
Tell me about Bellevue.	do you want to know facts about the creature worm	False
Tell me about kansas city mo	are you interested in kansas city mo tourism	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	are you wanting to see sermons by the pastor	True
What are characteristics of Uranus	are there any specific details that you are trying to find out	True
Tell me about Obama family tree.	would you like to hear about president obamas family tree	True
Tell me about hotels in New York.	would you want to know credit report scores	False
I'm interested in poker tournaments	are you looking for the world series of poker	True
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	are you interested in kabob recipes	False
I want to learn about rock art.	are you referring to a music genre	True
Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	do you need to repair your toilet	False
I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	are you interested in east ridge high school latest news	False
Give me information about Titan.	would you like to see the a specific titan	True
Tell me more about us presidents	are you interested in the full names of all of the past presidents of the united states	True
I'm looking for flame designs	are you looking for mitchell colleges course catelog	False
Find information about elliptical trainer	would you like to know where you can buy a discounted or used elliptical trainer	True
Info on dog heat?	would you like information about the alternatives to violence project	False
I’m looking for information on worm	are you interested in the history of the korean language	False
Tell me about hotels in New York.	would you like to know the zip code of kansas city mo	False
I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	are you looking for paralegal job opportunities	True
Tell me about designer dog breeds.	are you looking for a list of the top designer dog breeds	True
Tell me about making chicken soup from scratch.	are you looking for chicken soup made from scratch by famouss chefs	True
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	are you looking for a recipe for grilled fish	False
What is martha stewart and imclone?	what sport are you interested in	False
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	are you looking for a specific doctor at mayo clinic jacksonville fl	True
who invented music	do you want to know what kind of music was the first	True
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	are you looking for historical information about the indiana state fairgrounds	True
Tell me information about a sore throat.	do you want to know the city where the indiana state fairgrounds are located	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	do you have high blood pressure	False
How to prepare for the GMAT?	what score would you like to achieve on the gmat test	True
how to hire disc jockey	are you a dj	True
tell me about cass county missouri	are you looking for government service	True
tell me about idaho state flower	do you need to know the cause of it	False
I’m looking for blue throated hummingbird	would you like information about their breeding	True
Which gps receiver I should buy	do you have a specific toilet brand on your mind	False
Tell me information about a sore throat.	do you want the location of the indiana state fairgrounds	False
Tell me about atypical squamous cells	are you interested in atypical squamous cells in a test result	True
What is von Willebrand Disease?	do you want to know how von willebrand disease is treated	True
Information about raffles	are you looking for raffle tickets in your area to purchase	True
Find information about the secret garden.	do you want realistic or cartoonish designs	False
Give me information on OCD.	are you interested in ocd in children	True
I need information about the University of Phoenix.	would like to know about any specific sports team	False
How to prepare for the GMAT?	are you looking for gmat prep classes near you	True
Find information about penguins.	would you like to know the penguins schedule	True
What are specific dangers of asbestos?	are you interested in learning about the symptoms associated with asbestos poisioning	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	would you like to see inuyasha manga	False
Tell me about designer dog breeds.	do you want to know if designer dog breeds are healthier than purebreds	True
Find sewing instructions for me	are you looking for sewing patterns	True
tell me about idaho state flower	do youwant to know what year idaho declared a state flower	True
tell me about rock and gem shows	do you want to see the nearest rock and gem shows	True
I'm looking for information on duchess county tourism	what activities in dutchess county were you interested in	True
Find Brooks Brothers clearance.	are you looking for online promotions	True
I am looking for sources of used car parts.	would you like to pick parts yourself from a salvage yard	True
Which gps receiver I should buy	do you need information on how to install a toilet	False
Find information on Porterville.	would you like the arizona state fish and game comissions contact information	False
Tell me about texas border patrol.	are you interested in what their job duties are	True
Tell me about designer dog breeds.	are you interested in a puppy	True
tell me about iron	are you looking for irons melting point	True
Find information about elliptical trainer	are you looking for benefits of an elliptical trainer vs other fitness machines	True
How can I adopt a dog	how much would you like to pay for a dog	True
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	are you located in jacksonville fl	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	do you want information on jobs in arkansas	False
tell me about bart sf	do you need information on how to ride the bart	True
I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	would you like to become a paralegal	True
Tell me about sonoma county medical services.	are you looking for specific program information	True
butter and margarine	would you like a website about this topic	False
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	are you interested in free websites or would you like your own domain	True
How can I adopt a dog	how big do you want your dog	True
Tell me about weather stripping	do you want to learn how to install weater strips on windows	True
Tell me information about Volvo.	would you like to buy semi truck	True
Tell me about avp	do you wish to order online directly	False
Tell me about kansas city mo	would you like to know the zip code of kansas city mo	True
figs	what variety of figs are you interested in	True
I'm looking for a wedding budget calculator	did you want to see a wedding budget based on your income	True
I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	would you like to become a paralegal	True
Give me espn sports information.	do you want to know who owns espn	True
Find information about penguins.	do you want to know about the nearest town named bellevue	False
I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	do you need information on employment opportunities	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	how low would you like to lower your heart rate	False
Tell me more about dnr	are you interested in barbados	False
Tell me about kansas city mo	would you like to know more about free credit reports	False
I need information on income tax return online	are you wanting to find income tax forms online	True
I'm looking for keyboard reviews	do you want to know about built in keyboards	True
to be or not to be that is the question	are you talking about a psychology course	True
How to register dmv in va?	would you like to email the va dmv registration	True
Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	are you interested in how much you can get from this program	True
tell me about iron	which part of connecticut are you interested in	False
Give me espn sports information.	are you interested in figs health benefits	False
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	do you need information about cell phone plans	False
Find information about the gs pay rate	would you like to see a gs salary calculator	True
figs	would you like us to show you where to buy figs and other fresh fruit locally	True
tell me about tangible personal property tax	how much do you report for your income	True
Tell me about kids earth day activities	are you interested in crafts or worksheets	True
Tell me about the sit and reach test.	do you want to know how to perform this test	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	would you like to know the size of this product	False
Tell me about er television show.	are you looking for a list of er episodes	True
tell me about idaho state flower	would you like to know about its apperance	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	do you want to see cookbooks for grilling	True
I'm looking for information on hobby stores	is this a hobby for an adult	True
tell me about idaho state flower	are you looking for a diet to help manage fibromyalgia	False
Tell me more on health clubs in Arkansas	would you like diretions to arkadeliphia health club	True
Find information about atari	would you like to see a list of atari games	True
Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	what location of alexian brothers hospital do you want to know about	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	do you have any medical conditions	False
Tell me about kansas city mo	are you interested in kansas city mo tourism	True
What can I do in sherwood regional library	would you like the see the calendar of events	True
Give me espn sports information.	do you want an espn sports schedule	True
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	would you like to know the history of culpeper national cemetary	True
Find me information on sat	do you need more information about the sat test	True
Is Kenmore heater good	are you looking to purchase or repair a unit	True
I’m interested in civil right movement	do you want to know if there are current civil rights movements	True
How should I use the septic system design	are you looking for the cost	True
Tell me about source of the nile	which part of the river are you more interested in	True
What are characteristics of Uranus	are you wondering the size of uranus	True
How to register dmv in va?	are you interested in organ donation information	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	are you interested in a specific season of inuyasha	False
I'm looking for information on common schizophrenia drugs	do you want the generic types or name brand	True
tell me about iron	are you interested in knowing how iron is made	True
tell me about wilson antenna	would you like to read some reviews of wilson antennas	True
how to build a fence?	are you using this around the yard	True
Information about raffles	would you like to book a hotel i singapore	True
Tell me about ps 2 games?	are you looking for stores to buy ps 2 games from	True
tell me about symptoms of mad cow disease in humans	do you want to know what causes mad cow disease	True
What are signs of a heartattack?	do you plan to sign up for coverage online	False
What to do in Arkansas	are you looking for weather in arkansas	True
Find information about atari	do you want to purchase an atari game	True
how to build a fence?	is there a specific material it needs to be made from wood cement tin	True
TV on computer	do you want to purchase streaming services	True
Tell me about ron howard.	are you interested in ron howards life story and career highlights	True
Find information about the secret garden.	are you interested in gardening	True
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	do you want to know about grilling meat	False
how to build a fence?	are you looking for bellevue baptist church	False
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	which model of volvo are you interested in getting information about	False
When can I see Churchil Downs	are you looking for events at churchill downs	True
Find information about the secret garden.	can we show you reviews of the original classic book the secret garden	True
tell me about wilson antenna	are you looking to buy an antenna or read more about the antenna	True
figs	are you interested in the fruit or are you looking for the clothing brand that sells scrubs	True
Give me information on OCD.	would you like to know more about ocd	True
I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	are you looking for information on the origins of the company	True
tell me about iron	would you like to buy a book about this topic	False
how to build a fence?	are you looking for fencebuilding materials	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	are you looking for some sample tests	True
Tell me about Pocono	would you like to book a flight to pocono couples retreat	True
What to do in Arkansas	do you need treatment information for lipoma	False
Find information about penguins.	what kind of penguin are you looking for	True
Tell me about Obama family tree.	do you need any specific information on health insurance	False
Tell me about avp	do you want to know about a management position	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	do you want to access yahoos twitter feed	False
How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	do you like to know more about writing thank you notes for an interview	True
How can I adopt a dog	would you like an active or relaxed dog	True
Tell me about the sit and reach test.	do you want to know other related tests	True
Tell me about Barbados.	what city in barbados are you interested in learning	True
Information about bobcat	are you looking for a specific web site	True
Tell me more about satilies	do you want to figure out the benefits of satellite tv over cable tv	True
tell me about iron	would you like to figure out iron alloys used to make stainless steel	True
Give me espn sports information.	do you want information about espn sports programming in languages other than english	True
Tell me information about computer programming.	are you interested in the history of computer programming	True
What is martha stewart and imclone?	do you want to know when espn started	False
I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	do you want to know the responsibilities of a paralegal	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	do you want to learn where to purchase fishing bait	False
Tell me about black history.	do you want to know famous black people	True
tell me about cass county missouri	are you interested in a list of homes for sale in cass county	True
I am looking for sources of used car parts.	would you like to pick parts yourself from a salvage yard	True
Find information about penguins.	are you using this around the yard	False
Find information about atari	are you looking for a suitable elliptical machine to use at home	False
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	do you want to know a list of top gmat prep classes	False
Find sewing instructions for me	can you read sewing patterns	True
Tell me information about computer programming.	are you interested in coding courses online	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	are you interested in grilling equipment	True
where can I buy a trombone?	would you like to see a list of states which receive tangible personal property tax	False
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	are you looking for research papers	True
Tell me about black history.	do you want to know about a specific person	True
How to register dmv in va?	do you want the address	False
Tell me more about satilies	are you talking about a spacecraft or a song	True
Tell me more about HP mini 2140	do you need specific forms to fill out	False
what are the popular jobs in Michigan	are you looking for a garden in you area	False
How do I get my free annual credit report?	would you like to know more about a certain credit reporting company	True
Looking for information about the Orange County Convention Center	are you planning any events there	True
Information about bobcat	are you in interested in the animal or the manufacturing company	True
Is Kenmore heater good	are you iinterested in a kenmore gas water heater	True
Tell me about vanuatu	are you looking for anything specific of a tv show	True
How to change the toilet in the house	are you looking for showtimes for the music man	False
Tell me about Korean language.	are you interested in korean language classes	True
How should I use the septic system design	would like to go hunting or fishing in arizona	False
Where can I find cheap internet	are you looking for information on any specific internet technology	True
Find me information about the Last Supper painting.	are you interested in who painted the last supper painting	True
I'm looking for keyboard reviews	are you needing wireless or wired keyboard reviews	True
Find information about Mitchell College.	would you like to know about the alien versus predator movie	False
Find information about penguins.	are you looking for bellevue baptist church	False
I am looking for sources of used car parts.	what type of car do you want parts for	True
Give me espn sports information.	would you like to know more about pocono raceway	False
figs	would you like to see a list of different kind of figs with images	True
Find me information about the Ritz Carlton Lake Las Vegas.	are you looking for the closest lake to the ritz carlton in las vegas	True
Tell me about avp	do you want to know about the office of the president of the us	False
tell me about bart sf	are you taking the bart from san francisco international airport	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	do you want to know the cost of treatment	False
Tell me more about dnr	would you like to know more about hunting rules	True
TV on computer	would you like to know the differences between butter and margarine	False
Find information about penguins.	do you want to watch funny penguin videos	True
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	do you want to know the size of the indiana state fairgrounds	True
How do I get my free annual credit report?	would you like to know more about free credit reports	True
how to build a fence?	are you looking for bellevue baptist church	False
Information about raffles	are you looking for a car raffles in your area	True
tell me about iron	are you looking for jobs in the state of conneticut	False
Give me espn sports information.	are you looking for information on a specific league	True
Find information about penguins.	are you looking for some photos	True
who invented music	do you want information related to music notation and written music	True
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	what year do you want to know the president for	True
When can I see Churchil Downs	are you looking for attractions near churchill downs	True
I’m looking for the music man.	are you looking for reviews of the music man	True
Find me information about the sales tax in Illinois.	which county do you live in	True
Where should I order dog clean-up bags	do you want to know if they are a requirement where you live	True
Tell me about cell phones.	are you wondering where disneyland hotels are located	False
Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	are you looking for flame design tracers	False
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	are you at risk for having a heart attack	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	how low would you like to lower your heart rate	False
Find information on ontario california airport.	are you interested in visiting ontario california airport	True
How can I quick smoking	are you looking for smoking alternative products	True
Tell me about designer dog breeds.	are you interested in the price of the designer dog breed	True
Find information on ontario california airport.	are you planning to take a trip on ontario or california	True
Information about east ridge high school.	do you need directions to east ridge high school	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	do you want to know about the signs based on any specific demographics	False
Find me information on sat	do you want to know who grades your sats	True
How to change the toilet in the house	are you looking for specific products related to toilets	True
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	is there any specific information that you would like to know about employment requirements at pnl	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	would you like to know if it is possible to weather strip a car	False
What is martha stewart and imclone?	do you want espn sports corporate information	False
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	do you want to know whether living in a home with asbestos insulation can cause people to become sick	False
I'm interested in dinosaurs	do you want a list of dinosaur names	True
I'm interested in InuYasha	are you interested in inuyasha wiki activity	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	would you like to compare different weather stripping products	False
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	are you interested in how much you can get from this program	False
What is a 403b?	do you need 403b calculator	True
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	were you looking for how cell phones work	False
Find information about penguins.	would you like to buy some stuff related pittsburgh penguins	True
What is USDA food pyramid	do you want to know what the usda food pyramid is	True
Find sewing instructions for me	would you like to know how to sew a dress	True
Tell me about Korean language.	a total cholesterol of 180 to 200 mgdl 10 to 111 mmoll or less is considered best levels between 70 and 189 mgdl 39 and 105 mmoll are most often considered too high	False
Give me espn sports information.	do you want to know who owns espn	True
tell me about idaho state flower	would you like the idaho state flower coloring page	True
How should I use the septic system design	do you want to know about alternatives to a septic system	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	would you like to know what effects blood pressure and cholesterol	False
How to change the toilet in the house	are you looking for topics related to bathroom health	True
How should I use the septic system design	are you trying to find a contractor	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	what is the heart rate youre looking to achieve	False
what is the best long term care insurance	are you looking for a specific insurance company	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	do you want to know more about the grilling process	True
Tell me information about computer programming.	do you any specific information about computer science degree program	True
Looking for information about the Orange County Convention Center	do you want to know their hours of operation	True
Tell me about kansas city mo	are you looking for casinos in kansas city missouri	True
I'm looking for information on dieting	do you need anything specific in relation to counting calories you consume daily	True
What are characteristics of Uranus	are you looking for learning material for school	True
Tell me information about a sore throat.	would you like to see pictures of a sore throat	True
Tell me more on health clubs in Arkansas	would you like diretions to arkadeliphia health club	True
Find condos in Florida.	what is your price range	True
Give me air travel information.	would you like to hear air travel info in the news	True
Tell me about american military university.	are you wanting to know more about the entrance requirements	True
Tell me about kansas city mo	would you like to see a listing for hotels in kansas city	True
TV on computer	would you like to know where to buy one	False
Tell me about the sit and reach test.	do you want to know the purpose of the test	True
Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	do you want to know who owns espn	False
How do I get my free annual credit report?	do you want to know the cost of internet phone service	False
What is Fickle Creek Farm	do you want to know the animal population at fickle creek farm	True
Tell me more about HP mini 2140	how do you intend to use hp mini 2140	True
Information about bobcat	are you in interested in the animal or the manufacturing company	True
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	would you like to see some reviews	True
Find me information about diabetes education	are you searching for a local educational program	True
Information about raffles	are you interested in raffles tv series	True
Find me information about the Last Supper painting.	do you want to know why leonardo davinci painted the last supper painting	True
Where can I find cheap internet	are you wondering which provider has the cheapest internet	True
How to change the toilet in the house	do you need to repair your toilet	True
What is Fickle Creek Farm	do you want the history of fickle creek farm	True
Tell me about Korean language.	would you like to know how to get your vldl levels tested	False
Tell me about Korean language.	are you looking for books on the korean language	True
What is yahoo	are you interested in inuyasha cosplay	False
Tell me information about a sore throat.	are you interested in any specific events here	False
Info on dog heat?	what would you like to know about the dog heat season	True
Give me information about Titan.	are you looking for the computer part	True
to be or not to be that is the question	are you interested in shakespeares plays	True
Find information about the gs pay rate	do you want to see images of the idaho state flower	False
I’m looking for information on worm	are you interested in korean language degrees	False
How can I adopt a dog	how much would you like to pay for a dog	True
I need information on income tax return online	have you used jackson hewitt before	True
Tell me about weather stripping	would you like to compare different weather stripping products	True
Tell me about designer dog breeds.	do you need information on any specific hybrids	True
Give me espn sports information.	do you want to know when espn started	True
Find me information about PVC	is this in reference to plumbing or some other sort of plastic product	True
I'm looking for information on hobby stores	are you looking for hobby stores located in maryland	True
Tell me more about dnr	do you mean the department of natural resources	True
Tell me about Obama family tree.	are you looking for biological information on his family	True
What is yahoo	are you referring to the insane person across the street	True
I’m looking for blue throated hummingbird	would you like to know about the current population numbers of blue throated hummingbirds	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	are you looking for a specific web page	True
Tell me about ron howard.	are you tring to find movies and tv shows where ron howard was an actor	True
What is California Franchise Tax Board	are you trying to login to the boards website	True
Find information about Mitchell College.	do you want to know how male vs female avps in a company	False
what are the popular jobs in Michigan	would you like help searching for work in michigan	True
where can I buy a trombone?	are you looking for a store that sells trombones near you	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you looking for a hospital in new york ny	True
How to change the toilet in the house	what brand is your toilet	True
Tell me about Pocono	which mountain ski resort would you like information around the pocono area	True
Tell me about Barbados.	would you like to know about lipomas based on any specific demographics	False
Find information about penguins.	are you interested in penguin vape	True
I'm looking for flame designs	what are you using the design for	True
Find information about atari	what price range are you looking for	False
I need information on income tax return online	what type of craft are you using the pvc for	False
Tell me more about satilies	would you like the definition of the word satellite	True
tell me about tangible personal property tax	can i tell you about the north american plate that moves causing the eventual destruction of the volcano in yellowstone park	False
I'd like to learn about joints	would you like to know how many joints the human body has	True
I am looking for sources of used car parts.	what type of car do you want parts for	True
Tell me about texas border patrol.	do you want to know information about the patrol	True
How to change the toilet in the house	what brand is your toilet	True
What is a 403b?	are you interested in any specific rules	True
Tell me about scooters.	is this for mobility or fun	True
Tell me about civil war battles in South Carolina	do you want to know which civil war battles took place in south carolina	True
Which gps receiver I should buy	are you looking for reviews of gps apps	True
Find information about the wall	do you neeed dry wall products	True
Find information about elliptical trainer	are you looking for a class for elliptical trainer	True
Find information on Porterville.	do you need to find hunting and fishing grounds in arizona	False
tell me about wilson antenna	should i request an application to mitchell college	False
How to prepare for the GMAT?	when do you want to take a gmat prep class	True
What is yahoo	are you interested in the years inuyasha was shown in tv	False
Find sewing instructions for me	are you interested to teach sewing to children	True
I'm interested in poker tournaments	which poker tournament are you interested in knowing more about	True
Child support in Indiana?	are you seeking support of a child in indiana	True
Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	are you looking for toilet cleaners	False
How is identifying spider bites?	do you want to know how to treat different spider bites	True
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	would you like to figure out iron alloys used to make stainless steel	False
What should I know about the civil war	are you looking for a confederate victory	True
Tell me about avp	do you want a spell check for avp	True
tell me about cass county missouri	would you like to know more about the city	True
tell me about diversity	are you looking for a definition of diversity	True
I'm interested in InuYasha	are you looking for any specific pictures	True
I am looking for sources of used car parts.	do you want to sell used car parts	True
Find me information about PVC	are you interested in a certain length of pvc pipe	True
Where can I find cheap internet	are you wondering which provider has the cheapest internet	True
Find me information on sat	do you want to register to take the sat test	True
Find me information about the sales tax in Illinois.	what info about the state tax are you looking for	True
tell me about UNC	do you want to know the colors of unc	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	do you have high blood pressure	True
Tell me information about Volvo.	are you looking for a specific web page	False
tell me about UNC	which unc campus are you most interested in	True
How to cook pork tenderlion	are you interested in a pork recipe	True
Find me information about the Ritz Carlton Lake Las Vegas.	would you like the location of the ritz carlton lake las vegas	True
I’m looking for blue throated hummingbird	are you interested in learning about where blue throated hummingbirds live	True
Where can I find cheap internet	do you already have a phone service	True
Tell me about vanuatu	do you want to know the pay range for a specific payscale	False
who invented music	would you like to know about inventions related to music	True
Tell me more about satilies	do you want to know about a satellite receivers or dishes	True
What can I do in sherwood regional library	are you looking for specific information about martha stewart and imcones age	False
Find information about the gs pay rate	would you like to know more about the history behind the gs pay scale	True
Find me information about PVC	are you interested in how pvc is made	True
Tell me about fybromyalgia	are you looking for a diet to help manage fibromyalgia	True
tell me about uss yorktown charleston SC	are you interested in a specific type of penguin	False
how to hire disc jockey	are you looking for different kinds of djs	True
Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	do you need requirements for food stamps in iowa	True
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	is it for a blog or for online retail	True
how to build a fence?	are you looking for companies to build a fence for you	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	would you like to know about normal heart rate	False
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	which treatments are you looking for at mayo clinic jacksonville fl	True
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	are you looking for lab jobs	True
tell me about uss yorktown charleston SC	would you like the history of the uss yorktown or information on visiting it	True
Tell me about madam cj walker	would you like to see examples of walkers impact on current hair styling	True
Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	are you looking for directions to a disneyland hotel	True
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	do you need information about cell phone plans	False
tell me about tangible personal property tax	would you like to know the current rate	True
Tell me more about HP mini 2140	do you need specific forms to fill out	False
Give me information on OCD.	do you want to know more about the different types of ocd	True
butter and margarine	do you have map apps on your phone	False
I’m looking for blue throated hummingbird	would you like to know where it originates from	True
How to cook pork tenderlion	price of a pork tenderloin	True
Find information on hip fractures	are you interested in any specific statistics for fractures	True
Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	are you looking for dining room furniture	True
I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	are you interested in the treatment costs of lymphoma in dogs	True
Tell me about Korean language.	are you interested in korean language degrees	True
what are the popular jobs in Michigan	in what country is the secret garden located	False
Find me information about PVC	what type of craft are you using the pvc for	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	is the ps 2 games for a child or an adult	False
how to build a fence?	do you want to know about the nearest town named bellevue	False
I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	are you trying to find out the rating of the beatles rock band game	True
Find information about the secret garden.	where are you looking to mount the antenna	False
I'm interested in dinosaurs	would you like a list of dinosaur movies	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	are you looking for gas grill instruction	True
How can I quick smoking	are you trying to quit smoking	True
Find information about the secret garden.	would you like to read some reviews of wilson antennas	False
I'm looking for information on dieting	do you want to learn about the history of dieting	True
Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	would you like to know about yellowstones history of eruptions	True
How to get organised?	are you interested in buying a new atari game console	False
I'm interested in dinosaurs	are you interested in home decor items that are dinosaur related	True
I'm interested in dinosaurs	do you want to obtain forms from the dmv	False
Give me espn sports information.	would you like to see a list of different kind of figs with images	False
Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	do you want a phone number to call	True
What to do in Arkansas	are you looking for arkansas football	True
Tell me about hotels in New York.	do you need help finding your new york hotel	True
How to change the toilet in the house	do you want to know the actors in the music man	False
Tell me about ron howard.	do you want to know more about ron howards directing career	True
Find information about the gs pay rate	which gs tax bracket are you looking for	True
Tell me about Afganistan.	would you like to know where afghanistan is located	True
How to change the toilet in the house	what brand is your toilet	True
Tell me information about Volvo.	are you referring to the insane person across the street	False
Tell me about designer dog breeds.	do you want to know how much designer dog breeds cost	True
Tell me about Obama family tree.	are you interested in seeing barack obamas family	True
Tell me more on Kansas city railroad	are you looking for information on the life cycle of worms	False
tell me about UNC	do you need information about voip phone services	False
How to register dmv in va?	would you like the phone numbers to the va dmv registration	True
what are continental plates	do you want to know how many continental plates there are	True
Where can I buy pressure washers?	do you wish to rent a pressure washer	True
Tell me more about Rocky Mountain News	do you want to read geology of the mountain range	True
How to change the toilet in the house	are you looking for michworks career information	False
Tell me about madam cj walker	would you like to see facts about madam cj walkers early life	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	are you seeing if rick warren is still alive	True
Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	are you trying to find specific toilet parts	False
Take me to the current.	what event do you want to attend at the fairgrounds	False
Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	would you like to know about different types of toilets	False
Tell me information about Volvo.	would you like to know what country volvo is located	True
Tell me more about satilies	are you looking for history of the satellite radio systems	True
What can I do in sherwood regional library	would you like to see a ground map showing the uplift of yellowstone national park	False
How can I lower my heart rate?	do you have any medical conditions	True
I'd like to learn about joints	are you looking to buy joints	True
How to register dmv in va?	do you want to call	False
Tell me more about dnr	are you interested in facts about barbados	False
I'm interested in InuYasha	would you like to learn how to cheat in ps2 games	False
Tell me about vines for shade.	do you want to knwo vest vines for shade	True
Give me air travel information.	where are you looking to travel to	True
Find information about elliptical trainer	are you interested in different brands of elliptical trainer	True
What is martha stewart and imclone?	do you want to know if this is the company marthat stewart was given insider trading information	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	would you like to see the most effective methods of gmat prep	True
how to build a fence?	are you referring to bellevue washington	False
Information about raffles	are you interested in buying tickets to a raffle	True
Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	would you like to know different types of it	True
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	do you have pain on both sides of your throat	False
I'm looking for information on hobby stores	what location do you want to find a hobby store in	True
How to get organised?	are you looking for specific products related to getting organized	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	do you want to learn how to install weater strips on windows	False
Tell me more about dnr	are you interested in barbados ecology	False
Tell me about Afganistan.	would you like to know where afghanistan is located	True
How can one can become highway patrol	are you interested in knowing where the tennesse high patrol check points	True
I'm interested in poker tournaments	where would you like to find poker tournaments	True
Tell me about kansas city mo	would you like to know more about a certain credit reporting company	False
Tell me about Barbados.	would you like to know where barbados is	True
What is yahoo	are you interested in inuyasha wiki activity	False
tell me about cass county missouri	there are some interesting historical facts about cass county shall i show them to you	True
Tell me about Barbados.	would you like to know about david thompson	True
I'm interested in dinosaurs	would you like directions to the va dmv registration	False
I'd like to learn about moths	are you interested in moth biology	True
Tell me about weather stripping	are you looking for a specific event or activity	False
Tell me about Bellevue.	do you want to know more about companies headquartered in bellevue washington	True
Tell me about of Ralph Owen Brester.	who is ralph owen brewster	True
Find information about the wall	are you looking to buy the album the wall online	True
How can one can become highway patrol	would you like to know more about their responsibilities	True
How to register dmv in va?	would you like to see the hours of the sherwood regional library	False
Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	do you want to book a stay here	True
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	are you looking for free internet phone service or are you willing to pay for it	True
Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	do you want to sell furniture	True
I’m looking for blue throated hummingbird	do you want to know what they look like	True
How can I view my internet history?	how far back in time would you like to see from your history	True
butter and margarine	would you like a map with services or sites of interest listed	False
Tell me about of Ralph Owen Brester.	would you like to know the political positions ralph owen brewster held	True
What is martha stewart and imclone?	would you be interested in learning more about martha stewart and imclones history	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	are you planning to run or exercise	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	are you interested in a recipe for grilled chicken	True
Child support in Indiana?	are you interested in getting details on finding a lawyer for child support	True
Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	are you looking for living room furniture	True
Give me information on OCD.	are you looking for a definition of ocd	True
tell me about ct jobs	would you like to know the penguins schedule	False
What to do in Arkansas	do you want to move to arkansas	True
Find information about the gs pay rate	are you interested in applying for federal jobs	True
Tell me about Neil Young.	do you want to find a certain song	True
Tell me more about HP mini 2140	do you want to download drivers for the hp mini 2140	True
all men are created equal	are you trying to look up the constitution	True
Tell me about fybromyalgia	would you like to know what their rating is compare to other car companies	False
What are the best recepies for grilling	do you need to know how to trun a grill on	True
Give me espn sports information.	are you interested in the history of the pcoconos	False
How can I adopt a dog	are you willing to adopt a shelter dog	True
How to change the toilet in the house	do you have a specific toilet brand on your mind	True
I’m looking for blue throated hummingbird	would you like to learn about how blue throated hummingbirds eat	True
Find information about the secret garden.	in what country is the secret garden located	True
how to hire disc jockey	are you looking for the records for culpeper national cemetary	False
Find information about atari	are you looking for information of a trainer vs a treadmill	False
What are signs of a heartattack?	are you interested in knowing what to do in the event of someone having a heart attack	True
Tell me about cell phones.	do you need information about special deals	False
Find Brooks Brothers clearance.	are you trying to find brooks brothers clearance suits	True
What is yahoo	how would you like to watch inuyasha episodes	False
Where can I find information about forearm pain?	are you worried your forearm pain means you have a broken bone	True
What is yahoo	which episodes of inuyasha would you like to see	False
Tell me about ron howard.	are you interested in ron howards life story and career highlights	True
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	are you looking for medicines to treat a sore throat	False
tell me about idaho state flower	would you like to see some pictures of it	True
What is yahoo	how low would you like to lower your heart rate	False
Tell me about scooters.	would you like to purchase one or rent it	True
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	are you looking for a specific web page	True
Tell me information about Volvo.	are you wanting to see videos by the pastor	False
Tell me more about Rocky Mountain News	are you looking for a specific web site	True
Tell me about avp	do you want information on the current us president	False
I am looking for sources of used car parts.	are you interested in a specific part	True
Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	do you want a phone number to call	True
Give me espn sports information.	do you want to know the latest weather updates for pocono mountains	False
What are characteristics of Uranus	is there a specific type of fact that you want to know	True
tell me about uss yorktown charleston SC	would you like to see penguins of madagascar	False
Tell me more about HP mini 2140	how do you intend to use hp mini 2140	True
Find me reviews of the les Miserables.	do you want reviews of les miserables from london	True
Tell about an adobe indian house?	do you need any specific information about people who resided in adobe houses	True
Tell me about er television show.	what season of er are you interested in	True
Find information about elliptical trainer	what breed of dog are you looking for	False
Tell me about Bellevue.	do you want to know why your face is flushing	False
How to change the toilet in the house	are you looking for toilet cleaners	True
I’m interested in old coins	do you want to sell old coins	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	would you like to know about normal heart rate	False
What are the best recepies for grilling	do you need to know where you can purchase a grill	True
Find me information about PVC	are you interested in types of pvc pipe	True
I want to learn about rock art.	do you want to know how to perform rock art	True
What is a 403b?	would you like to see resources for retirement investing	True
What is equal opportunity employer?	are you talking about the navel academy	False
map	do you want a history of the nile	False
Tell me about Neil Young.	do you want his biography	True
map	are you looking for a playlist of mothers days songs	False
Tell me about source of the nile	are you looking for lapidary classes	False
I’m looking for the music man.	would you like to read some reviews of wilson antennas	False
tell me about tangible personal property tax	is this tangible personal property tax just for you	True
Tell me about hotels in New York.	are you looking for a chain or botique hotel	True
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	would you like directions to the nearest iowa food stamp office	False
Where can I find cheap internet	how do you know if your internet service is inexpensive	True
How can I adopt a dog	would you like to how to adopt a dog	True
I’m looking for the music man.	what do you want to use the antenna for	False
I need information about the University of Phoenix.	do you need contact information for the university of phoenix	True
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	are you looking for any specific information on bowflex power pro	True
How should I use the septic system design	are you interested in an avanced treatment below ground design	True
Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	what kind of place would you like to stay at in the poconos	False
Tell me about ps 2 games?	are you looking for stores to buy ps 2 games from	True
Tell me about hotels in New York.	would you like to see a map of kansas city mo	False
What is yahoo	are you referring to the email client	True
Find condos in Florida.	what area is florida are you interested in	True
Tell me more about HP mini 2140	are you looking for payment information	False
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	are you looking for more information on food stamps in iowa	False
tell me about cass county missouri	can i help you find something on a map	True
What is Fickle Creek Farm	which department are you interested in at mayo clinic jacksonville fl	False
I'm looking for information on dieting	what kinds of specialized diets are you interested in	True
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	are you interested in knowing how iron is made	False
I am looking for sources of used car parts.	are you interested in heavy trucks part	True
I'm looking for information on hobby stores	why type of hobby arts and crafts or sports	True
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	do you want to know how a us president is elected	True
Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	are you looking for details about disneyland hotels	True
Is Kenmore heater good	are you looking for the instruction of the kenmore sears gas water heaters	True
Tell me about ps 2 games?	are you looking for diet information	False
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	do you want to know internet phone service providers	True
Where can I find cheap internet	are you upset by the quality of your internet service	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	are you interested in a specific season of inuyasha	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	how low would you like to lower your heart rate	False
Find information about penguins.	are you interested in where penguins live	True
Tell me about Korean language.	do you want names of companies that file income taxes online	False
How can one can become highway patrol	are you interested in how much a patrol officer makes per year	True
Tell me about american military university.	are you looking for some retailers	False
Tell me about ps 2 games?	what types of ps 2 games do you like to play	True
Tell me about hotels in New York.	are you looking for a chain or botique hotel	True
I'm looking for information about South Africa	would you like to see some pictures of south africa	True
tell me about iron	woud you like a list of items made from iron	True
how to build a fence?	do you want to know about the nearest town named bellevue	False
Find condos in Florida.	are you looking for a specific price range	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	would you like to find foods that will lower your heart rate	False
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	do you want a job in dutchess county	False
Tell me about kansas city mo	would you like to see a map of kansas city mo	True
How should I use the septic system design	are you looking for the basics of septic system design	True
Looking for information about the Orange County Convention Center	do you want to know a phone number to call	True
What are signs of a heartattack?	are you interested in knowing what to do in the event of someone having a heart attack	True
Tell me about atypical squamous cells	would you like to know about treatment for atypical squamous cells	True
tell me about iron	are you looking to buy an iron for your clothes	True
What is martha stewart and imclone?	do you want to know if this is the company marthat stewart was given insider trading information	True
I'm looking for universal animal cuts reviews	would you like to see the top reviews for universal animal cuts	True
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	are you interested in any specific events here	True
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	would you like to see arizona hunting trip information	True
What is Fickle Creek Farm	are you looking for outpatient services in mayo clinic	False
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	do you need the address or location for the company	True
What is a 403b?	would you like to see resources for retirement investing	True
How can I quick smoking	are you wondering how other people have quit smoking	True
Find information on Porterville.	are you looking for a specific web page	False
Tell me about Bellevue.	what items are you interested in flushing down the toilet	False
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	are you referring to the lab in seattle	True
Find information on Porterville.	are you looking for any specific venues in porterville	True
Where can I find information about forearm pain?	there are some interesting articles on preventing forearm pain are you interested	True
i will survive lyrics	do you want to know who sings i will survive	True
Tell me about of Ralph Owen Brester.	what is ralph owen brewsters background	True
How should I use the septic system design	are you referring to the arizona state wildlife department	False
Give me espn sports information.	are you looking for the information about split rock restore	False
Tell me information about a sore throat.	do you need an event schedule for the indiana state fairgrounds	False
Find information about the secret garden.	are you looking for a specific web page	False
Tell me about Pocono	do you need the website for the university of phoenix	False
Tell me information about computer programming.	are you looking for nearby coding classes	True
how to hire disc jockey	would you like to see specs on this equipment	False
How can I lower my heart rate?	would you like to find exercises to lower your heart rate	True
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	would you like to know more information about writing a thank you email	False
What are the best recepies for grilling	are you looking for weather in arkansas	False
What are the best recepies for grilling	do you want to know more about the grilling process	True
Tell me about hotels in New York.	do you want information on how to keep your credit report good	False
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	are you looking for a specific web site	False
Give me espn sports information.	would you like to book a flight to pocono couples retreat	False
tell me about wilson antenna	are you interested in a specific web page	False
Is Kenmore heater good	would you like to know who carries this product	True
Find information on Porterville.	would like to know about any specific sports team	True
Tell me about Pocono	would you like to book a flight to pocono couples retreat	True
I'm interested in dinosaurs	are you interested in coloring books	True
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	are you looking for things to do near culpeper national cemetery	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	would you like to know how much a kenmore gas water heater is	False
Find information on Porterville.	are you interested in grilling equipment	False
How should I use the septic system design	do you want a single large lateral or multiple smaller laterals	True
Information about raffles	what kind of raffle are you interested in signing up for	True
I'd like to learn about moths	do you need to see a picture of moth	True
Where should I order dog clean-up bags	are you referring to a specif type of dog clean up bag	True
tell me about UNC	what does unc mean	True
Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	are you interested in the requirements for applying to the program or the poverty level limits	True
What is USDA food pyramid	are you concerned if the food pyramid is out of date	True
Find information about the gs pay rate	would you like to see the base pay scale for 2018	True
figs	are you looking for engineers in such field	False
I'm looking for information on dieting	will the dieting be in combination with exercise or weight training	True
to be or not to be that is the question	do you want to know where the quote came from	True
Tell me more on health clubs in Arkansas	what area are you asking about	False
Find information about the secret garden.	which type of antenna are you interested in	False
Find information about the secret garden.	where are you looking to mount the antenna	False
tell me about mgb	are you trying to find online reviews of mgb	True
Tell me about of Ralph Owen Brester.	would you like to know what political party ralph owen brewster was affiliated with	True
Tell me information about a sore throat.	are you looking for some medication	True
I want to learn about rock art.	are you looking for examples of rock art	True
Find me information about diabetes education	which atari game are you interested in	False
Give me espn sports information.	do you want to know when espn started	True
I'm looking for a wedding budget calculator	did you want something online that does calculations for you	True
I'm interested in dinosaurs	are you looking for a specific web site about dinosaurs	True
What are specific dangers of asbestos?	are you looking for different kinds of djs	False
tell me about uss yorktown charleston SC	would you like to see reviews of the uss yorktown tour	True
I'm looking for flame designs	do you think your dog is in heat	False
tell me about tangible personal property tax	would you like to know why some scientists think the yellowstone volcano is in the process of dying	False
I'm interested in InuYasha	how would you like to watch inuyasha episodes	True
What are signs of a heartattack?	do you want to know about the signs based on any specific demographics	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	are you looking for what country arkansas is	False
I'm looking for flame designs	are you interested in finding a local tattoo shop that does flame design	True
Find me information about the Ritz Carlton Lake Las Vegas.	are you wondering where the ritz carlton in las vegas is located	True
I need information on income tax return online	do you want to know the status of your return	True
Tell me about scooters.	are you looking to buy a scooter	True
What is yahoo	which episodes of inuyasha would you like to see	False
tell me about diversity	are you looking for a definition of diversity	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	are you referring to the search engine	False
How should I use the septic system design	are you looking for a contact number for the city government	False
What are the best recepies for grilling	what specific dnr are you referring to	False
Information about bobcat	are you looking for a specific web site	True
How do I get my free annual credit report?	do you want to know the history	False
Find information on raised gardens.	do you want to take a class about raised gardens	True
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	do you want to know the term length of a us president	True
Find me information about the Ritz Carlton Lake Las Vegas.	are you wanting the rates for the ritz carlton in las vegas	True
Tell me about vanuatu	do you wish to know the climate of vanuatu	True
I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	do you need help finding a vet that treats lymphoma in dogs	True
Find me information on sat	do you need sat study materials	True
discovery channel store	would you like to know about iron deficiencies	False
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	are you looking for the first president ever	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	would you like to know about normal heart rate	False
What are the best recepies for grilling	are you looking for gas grill instruction	True
Tell me about kansas city mo	are you interested in upcomming events in kasas city mo	True
Give me espn sports information.	do you want information about which sports espn covers	True
Information about raffles	what kind of raffle are you interested in signing up for	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	do you want more informaiton about grilling vegtables	True
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	are you interested in kabob recipes	False
Find me information about the Last Supper painting.	are you interested in who painted the last supper painting	True
Tell me about Barbados.	are you searching for an image for lipoma	False
I'm looking for information on dieting	would you like to read about different types of diet pills	True
Information about raffles	would you like to book a hotel i singapore	True
What should I know about the civil war	do you want to know a history of all battles in the war	True
how to hire disc jockey	would you like to know who are buried at culpeper national cemetery	False
Tell me about sonoma county medical services.	how soon is this needed	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	do you want to know more about companies headquartered in bellevue washington	True
Tell me about kansas city mo	would you like to know the weather in kansas city	True
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	are you interested in learning about a presidents power	True
Find information about the gs pay rate	would you like to see a gs salary calculator	True
I'm looking for flame designs	would you like to know if spaying would stop the heat of a female dog	False
I’m interested in old coins	do you want to know the value of old coins	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	do you want to know more about the bellevue washington local government	True
I’m looking for information on worm	are you interested in korean language classes	False
Find information about the wall	are you looking for a specific web site	True
How should I use the septic system design	do you want to get a hunting or fishing license in arizona	False
Tell me about of Ralph Owen Brester.	may i provide you with information regarding when ralph owen brewster died and cause of death	True
Find information about atari	are you interested in classic atari games or current atari games	True
How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	do you want guidelines on how to ace an inteview	True
I'm looking for information on dieting	are you interested in reading some inspirational quotations about dieting	True
Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	would you like to know if you are eligible for equal opportunity employment	False
Tell me about texas border patrol.	do you want to know what their jurisdiction is	True
Find me information on sat	do you want to take a sat prep class	True
Find information about the gs pay rate	would you like to see the base pay scale for 2018	True
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	are you looking for the history of butter and margarine	False
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	are you looking for a new phone with a specific carrier	False
Is Kenmore heater good	would you like to know who carries this product	True
tell me about ct jobs	do you want to hear about the pittsburgh penguins	False
I'm looking for information on dieting	would you like a list of area doctors that can give professional advice on dieting	True
Tell me about ps 2 games?	would you like to know more about ps2 console design	True
to be or not to be that is the question	are you interested in shakespeares plays	True
how to build a fence?	are you looking for things to do in bellevue	False
I'm looking for information on hobby stores	are you looking for coupons	True
I'd like to learn about moths	are you interested in moth biology	True
Find information on raised gardens.	do you need instructions on how best products to use for growth	True
How to change the toilet in the house	would you like a new toilet	True
I'm looking for information on VLDL levels	would you like a recommendation on nearby doctors who check cholesteral levels	True
Tell me about of Ralph Owen Brester.	are you looking for some sample tests	False
Tell me about folk remedies for a sore throat.	do you want to know if these remedies actually work	True
Tell me about folk remedies for a sore throat.	are you interested in making your own medicine to cure a sore throat	True
What is California Franchise Tax Board	do you want guidelines on how to ace an inteview	False
Tell me information about Volvo.	shall i take you to any specific pages of yahoo web site	False
discovery channel store	do you want information on the current us president	False
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	are you looking for gas grill instruction	False
What are specific dangers of asbestos?	would you like to know about health problems that arise from exposure to asbestos	True
Give me espn sports information.	would you like to know the climate figs are found in	False
Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	what would you like to know about uplift	True
all men are created equal	would you like to learn more about the declaration of independence	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	how much do you need to lower your heart rate	True
Tell me more about HP mini 2140	do you want contact information for the board	False
What to do in Arkansas	are you trying to locate the causes for lipoma	False
What is yahoo	are you looking for specific fanrelated information	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	are you wanting writings by the pastor	True
Find information about the wall	are you looking for a specific movie	True
I'm looking for flame designs	are you looking for flame designs for a tattoo	True
tell me about ct jobs	are you interested in a specific type of penguin	False
Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	are you looking for an application on this topic	True
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	did you want to know what the most popular cell phones are	False
Find sewing instructions for me	would you like written instructions or a video	True
Tell me more about dnr	do you mean do not resuscitate	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	are you interested in a specific season of inuyasha	False
Find me information about diabetes education	are you looking for a specific web site	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	do you have high blood pressure	False
Tell me about Korean language.	would you like to know what pvc is made of	False
Find information about elliptical trainer	would you like prices of elliptical trainer	True
TV on computer	do you want to know what sites you can watch tv on the computer at	True
I'm interested in InuYasha	are you looking for any specific pictures	True
Find me information about the Ritz Carlton Lake Las Vegas.	would you like the history of ritz carlton lake las vegas	True
Tell me about ps 2 games?	which ps 2 game genres are you interested in	True
Tell me more about Rocky Mountain News	would you like to read recent news about the rocky mountain news	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	are you interested in knowing what to do in the event of someone having a heart attack	False
Give me air travel information.	are you trying to find an airline	True
Tell me more about satilies	what kind of satellite are you looking for	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	are you looking for the instruction of the kenmore sears gas water heaters	False
Give me information about Titan.	are you referring to the greek god or the pc	True
Find information about flushing.	would you like directions to flushing new york	True
I’m interested in old coins	do you want pictures of old coins	True
I’m looking for information on worm	do you want to know about worm castings	True
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	are you looking for gmat prep classes near you	False
Tell me more on health clubs in Arkansas	are you looking for a 24 hour fitness center	True
Tell me about ps 2 games?	are you interested in playing ps 2 games on other consoles such as playstation 3 and playstation 4	True
Tell me about Barbados.	would you like to know about david thompson	True
Tell me about black history.	are you interested in black celebrities	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	are you interested in grilling a specefic food	True
butter and margarine	are you interested in the the nutritional value of butter and margarine	True
Find information about the secret garden.	the secret garden has been made into many films and series which version of the secret garden are you intrested in	True
Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	have you been to the poconos before	False
I’m looking for the music man.	are you looking for wilson antenna parts	False
How to change the toilet in the house	would you like to know about different types of toilets	True
Find me information about the Last Supper painting.	would you like to see a picture of the painting	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you looking for a specific product in flushing queens	False
What are signs of a heartattack?	would you like to find out the different types of payment options for the best long term care insurance	False
How can one can become highway patrol	are you interested in who is in charge of the tn highway patrol	True
How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	are you looking for netflix	False
What is a 403b?	would you like to see resources for retirement investing	True
what are the popular jobs in Michigan	are you interested in educational reviews and essays about the secret garden for a homework assignment	False
What is a 403b?	do you need 403b calculator	True
Find information about the wall	are you interested in a specific part of a home	True
tell me about iron	would you like to buy supplements	True
Child support in Indiana?	would you like a list of forms for processing child support claims	True
I'm looking for information on hobby stores	is this a hobby where anyone can build things	True
Tell me about cell phones.	what price range of cell phones are you interested in	True
Tell me more about dnr	what specific dnr are you referring to	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	are you interested in the list of inuyasha characters	False
Tell me about vanuatu	are you looking for current playing list	False
How can I adopt a dog	do you need to know how to measure a toilet for installation	False
tell me about UNC	do you want to know the colors of unc	True
What is martha stewart and imclone?	are you looking for information on a specific league	False
I'm looking for information on duchess county tourism	are you seeking an event calendar for dutchess county	True
tell me about iron	do you want to hear about the pittsburgh penguins	False
What is yahoo	are you talking about the stock price of the giant	True
How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	what about an interview do you need help with	True
discovery channel store	shall i open discovery channel store homepage	True
Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	are you interested in lodgings	False
Find me information about diabetes education	are you interested in the history of atari	False
all men are created equal	would you like to know its interpretation by the us supreme court	True
What is martha stewart and imclone?	are you looking for information on a specific sport	False
Tell me about atypical squamous cells	do you want to see a picture of atypical squamous cells	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	do you want to know how old rick warren is	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	do you have high blood pressure	False
tell me about idaho state flower	do you want the definition of fibromyalgia	False
Tell me about Korean language.	what aspect of pvc are you interested in the manufacturing or the applications	False
Find information about the secret garden.	can we show you reviews of the original classic book the secret garden	True
I'm looking for universal animal cuts reviews	would you like to see comparable products to universal animal cuts	True
Tell me about black history.	would you like to see a map of kansas city mo	False
Find information about the secret garden.	which type of antenna are you interested in	False
Tell me about avp	are you looking for the first president ever	False
Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	would you like the instructions for electronic skeet shoot	True
Which gps receiver I should buy	do you want a phone number to call	False
Find information about penguins.	do you want to know more about companies headquartered in bellevue washington	False
Find information about flushing.	are you looking for korean language symbols	False
Tell me about Pocono	do you need contact information for the university of phoenix	False
Find me information about PVC	what project do you want to use the pvc for	True
Find information about penguins.	do you want to know about the nearest town named bellevue	False
Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	the history of flame design	False
What to do in Arkansas	are you interested in barbados ecology	False
Tell me about Bellevue.	would you like to know what a conficker is	False
tell me about wilson antenna	what kind of wilson antenna are you interested in	True
What are specific dangers of asbestos?	would you like to read about dj employment	False
Which gps receiver I should buy	should i search nearby stores for discounts on a toilet	False
butter and margarine	are you interested in cartography	False
Tell me about weather stripping	would you like information about installing weather stripping	True
I need information on income tax return online	do you want to file your income tax return through the internal revenue online	True
Tell me about ron howard.	are you tring to find movies and tv shows where ron howard was an actor	True
Tell me about texas border patrol.	do you want to know information about the patrol	True
Find me information about the Ritz Carlton Lake Las Vegas.	are you looking for directions to the ritz carlton in las vegas	True
what is the best long term care insurance	do you need a list of available new york hotels	False
Tell me information about computer programming.	are you interested in the history of computer programming	True
tell me about wilson antenna	would you like to know about where to purchase a wilson antenna	True
Tell me about hotels in New York.	do you need direction to your new york hotel	True
Tell me about fybromyalgia	would you like to know what country volvo is located	False
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	do you want to know about grilling meat	False
How can I lower my heart rate?	how would you like to lower your heart rate	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	would you like to see the most effective methods of gmat prep	True
where can I buy a trombone?	would you like to see music stores in your area	True
How should I use the septic system design	are you interested in an advanced treatment above ground design	True
Tell me about Afganistan.	would you like to know where afghanistan is on the map	True
How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	do you like to know more about writing thank you notes for an interview	True
tell me about rice?	do you want to know how to cook with rice	True
Where can I find information about forearm pain?	are you looking for treatments to forearm pain	True
Information about raffles	are you interested in the movie raffles	True
Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	would you like to see the retailers selling it	True
Is Kenmore heater good	are you referring to the specific company	False
How to cook pork tenderlion	how would you like to cook your pork tenderloin	True
Tell me information about Volvo.	would you like to know what country volvo is located	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	would you like to fill an application for a hunting licence	False
I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	do you want a paralegal internship	True
discovery channel store	would you like to figure out iron alloys used to make stainless steel	False
I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	do you want to know the price of hp mini 2140	False
Tell me about cell phones.	are you looking for details about disneyland hotels	False
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	are you looking for doctors that treat sore throats	False
to be or not to be that is the question	would some analysis of hamlet be interesting to you	True
Find information on hip fractures	do you need the cause of the injury	True
Tell me information about Volvo.	would you like to buy semi truck	True
Tell me about sonoma county medical services.	do you want information on the differenct services that are provided	True
I’m looking for the music man.	do you need tickets for the music man	True
Find sewing instructions for me	would you like to know how to sew on a button	True
Find information about penguins.	will this be a tall fence or short fence	False
Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	should there be anything else besides the flames	False
How to register dmv in va?	do you want to know what vines for shade are available in your region	False
Tell me information about Volvo.	are you looking for a dealer in a specific location	True
Find information on Porterville.	are you looking for a specific place here	True
Information about bobcat	are you in interested in the animal or the manufacturing company	True
Find Brooks Brothers clearance.	are you looking for a brooks brothers outlet	True
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	are you interested in asnestos exposure	False
how to build a fence?	are you interested in the costs of building a fence	True
What is yahoo	how would you like to watch inuyasha episodes	False
How to prepare for the GMAT?	any specific company on your mind	True
Tell me about of Ralph Owen Brester.	what is ralph owen brewser famous for	True
I am looking for sources of used car parts.	are you looking for the nearest junck yard	True
Information about raffles	are you interested in the movie raffles	True
Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	the history of flame design	False
How can I lower my heart rate?	are you interested in the years inuyasha was shown in tv	False
How to prepare for the GMAT?	are you looking for an online or inperson gmat prep class	True
Find Brooks Brothers clearance.	are you looking for merchandise catalog	True
What is Fickle Creek Farm	would you like to request an appointment	False
What is a 403b?	would you like to find retirement financial advisors	True
Find me information about diabetes education	do you need a tool to design the site	False
Find information about atari	which atari computer system would you like to know about	True
figs	would you like us to show you where to buy figs and other fresh fruit locally	True
I'd like to learn about moths	are you looking to fix a moth infestation	True
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	would you like to see pictures of a sore throat	False
Tell me information about Volvo.	do you know someone named rick warren	False
Tell me about black history.	are you looking for something to read	True
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	is there a specific representative that you need contact information for	True
What is Fickle Creek Farm	is there a medical condition that you are looking heal	False
What is yahoo	do you want to know how yahoo is performing as a business	True
Tell me about Korean language.	are you interested in korean language degrees	True
What is yahoo	how much do you need to lower your heart rate	False
I'm looking for flame designs	what colors do you want to use	True
tell me about UNC	do you want to learn about unc the school	True
Tell me about kansas city mo	are you looking for an apartment in kansas city mo	True
tell me about iron	are you looking for a list of foods that are a good source of iron	True
I’m interested in old coins	is there a coin dealer near you	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	what year model are you looking for	False
Find information about flushing.	what flushing are you interested in toilet or facial	True
map	are you traveling	True
Find me information about the sales tax in Illinois.	do you want to get helping completing your illinois state tax return	True
What to do in Arkansas	would you like to know how far barbados is	False
What is Fickle Creek Farm	would you like to request an appointment	False
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	are you interested in who is the ceo	False
Find information about the secret garden.	are you looking to buy an antenna or read more about the antenna	False
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	are you interested in the levels of dangers associated with asbsestos	False
Find information about atari	do you want to purchase an atari game	True
What is a 403b?	do need to see any specific information about 403b eligibility	True
I'm interested in mothers day songs	are you wanting the titles of mothers day songs	True
Tell me about avp	do you want to know the term length of a us president	False
How can I quick smoking	would you like to know about the benefits of quitting smoking	True
I'm looking for flame designs	would you like to know if spaying would stop the heat of a female dog	False
Tell me about black history.	are you looking for a specific web site	False
What are specific dangers of asbestos?	are you looking to find a djs website	False
What is Fickle Creek Farm	which department are you interested in at mayo clinic jacksonville fl	False
What is martha stewart and imclone?	are you looking for specific information about martha stewart and imcones age	True
discovery channel store	are you looking for locations	True
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	would you like to know how iron is mined	False
Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	are you trying to fix your toilet	False
What is yahoo	how low would you like to lower your heart rate	False
What is yahoo	which episodes of inuyasha would you like to see	False
Find information about elliptical trainer	woud you like to know the many uses of gps	False
I'm interested in mothers day songs	are you looking for a playlist of mothers days songs	True
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	is there a specific brand that you would like to know more about	False
Tell me about scooters.	would you like to purchase one or rent it	True
How should I use the septic system design	are you interested in a pressure distributon design 2 feet of absorbant soil	True
I want to learn about rock art.	are you wondering what rock art is	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	are you referring to malignant lipolysis	True
Tell me about vanuatu	are you interested in visiting	True
Find information about atari	are you referring to the machine or person	False
How should I use the septic system design	do you need information about medical services	False
Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	do you need any specific tips on decoration	True
What to do in Arkansas	are you interested in the history of barbados	False
Find information about the gs pay rate	are you looking fro a gs base payscale table for 2018	True
I'd like to learn about moths	are you interested in moth life cycle	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you looking for information about computer viruses	False
Tell me about Bellevue.	do you want to know facts about the creature worm	False
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	would you like information about installing weather stripping	False
Tell me about avp	do you want to learn about our president	False
I'm looking for a wedding budget calculator	are you looking for advice on wedding budgeting	True
discovery channel store	would you like to buy supplements	False
tell me about tangible personal property tax	is this tangible personal property tax just for you	True
I'm interested in dinosaurs	are you looking for dinosaur books	True
Find information on hip fractures	do you want to know how to treat the injury	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	how would you like to lower your heart rate	True
I'm interested in poker tournaments	do you want to know how poker tournaments are played	True
Find information about elliptical trainer	is there a specific brand that you would like to know more about	True
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	would you like to know about the dangers of asbestos removal	False
Tell me about kansas city mo	would you like to know the weather in kansas city	True
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	would you like to know more about throat cancer	False
I need information on income tax return online	are you interested in a certain length of pvc pipe	False
figs	are you interested in an advanced treatment above ground design	False
Tell me about weather stripping	are you looking for black history figures	False
what is the best long term care insurance	are you interested in the best priced long term care insurance or best coverage	True
Tell me more about dnr	would you like to know about david thompson	False
I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	do you need details on where jax chemical company is	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you looking for things to do in bellevue	True
map	are you interested in satellite maps	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	do you have high blood pressure	False
Tell me about ps 2 games?	are you interested in playing ps 2 games on other consoles such as playstation 3 and playstation 4	True
Where should I order dog clean-up bags	are you looking for biodegradable dog clean up bags	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	would you like to know more about the inuyasha illustrator and writer	False
What to do in Arkansas	would you like to know where barbados is	False
Tell me about Barbados.	are you interested in barbados	True
Find me information on sat	do you need any specific information about sat grades	True
Find information about atari	which atari game system would you like to know about	True
Give me information about Titan.	are you interested in a specific titan	True
tell me about tangible personal property tax	do you want to know what the current uplift is at yellowstone national park	False
Find me information about diabetes education	do you need a tool to design the site	False
I need information about the University of Phoenix.	are you interested in comparing university of phoenix with other universities in any specific aspect	True
I’m interested in civil right movement	do you want to know about specific key people	True
TV on computer	are you looking for netflix	True
I'm looking for information about South Africa	do you want to know how to get to south africa	True
I’m looking for the music man.	are you looking for the script for the music man	True
Tell me information about Volvo.	do you need repair information	True
tell me about rock and gem shows	are you interested in dinosaur toys	False
I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	are you looking for the symptoms of lymphoma in dogs	True
Child support in Indiana?	are you interested in getting details on finding a lawyer for child support	True
How do I get my free annual credit report?	would you want to know credit report scores	True
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	are you looking for regulations related to your search	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	are you planning to run or exercise	False
I’m interested in old coins	any tutorials would interest you	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	how much do you need to lower your heart rate	False
Is Kenmore heater good	would you like to know how much a kenmore gas water heater is	True
what are the popular jobs in Michigan	would you like to know more about the short story by g k chesterton	False
all men are created equal	who are you interested in learning about who has that quote attributed to them	True
Tell me about black history.	are you interested in visiting kansas city	False
Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	are you interested in how much you can get from this program	True
Find information about penguins.	would you like to see penguins of madagascar	True
tell me about tangible personal property tax	do you want to know who is eligible for the tangible personal property tax	True
I need information about the University of Phoenix.	are you looking for a hotel near porterville	False
how to hire disc jockey	are you looking to find a djs website	True
TV on computer	would you like to see some reviews	False
Take me to the current.	are you trying to find out if you could listen to the current music on youtube for free	True
I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	do you want to know the average annual salary for paralegals	True
Where can I find cheap internet	or maybe free internet	True
tell me about uss yorktown charleston SC	are you interested in penguin vape	False
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	are you interested in where the bowflex power pro is produced	True
How do I get my free annual credit report?	would you like to know more about a certain credit reporting company	True
Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	do you want to buy it online	True
How can I adopt a dog	are you willing to adopt a shelter dog	True
Tell me about avp	are you referring to a specific company	True
Tell me about hotels in New York.	is there a specific hotel you are looking for	True
Give me air travel information.	do you want information on international travel or domestic travel	True
How to change the toilet in the house	would you like a new toilet	True
I'm interested in InuYasha	how would you like to watch inuyasha episodes	True
Tell me about ps 2 games?	would you like to learn how to cheat in ps2 games	True
What is yahoo	would you like to know more about kagome higurashi	False
butter and margarine	do you study road maps	False
How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	are you preparing to conduct an interview or go to an interview	True
I'm looking for flame designs	are you interested in finding a local tattoo shop that does flame design	True
what is the best long term care insurance	do you need a map of hotels	False
I need information on income tax return online	are you interested in a certain fitting for a pvc pipe	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	are you referring to the email client	False
Find information on hip fractures	do you want to know where to get treatment for a hip fracture	True
How to change the toilet in the house	what type of toilet are you looking for	True
Find information about tornadoes	are you interested in tornado safety	True
tell me about ct jobs	are you looking for instructions to build a fence	False
What is Madagascar known for?	are you looking for what they are producing the most	True
I am looking for sources of used car parts.	would you like to know maore about getting the best used car parts	True
TV on computer	do you want to find online tv streaming services	True
How to change the toilet in the house	are you interested in gardening	False
Where can I find information about forearm pain?	do you have forearm pain from typing	True
what are the popular jobs in Michigan	would you like application information for the michegan works program	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	would you like directions to flushing new york	False
Tell me more about HP mini 2140	are you looking for payment information	False
Information about bobcat	what would you like to know about bobcats	True
I need information on income tax return online	are you interested in types of pvc pipe	False
tell me about cass county missouri	would you like to know more about the city	True
I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	would you like to know more about the duties of a paralegal	True
tell me about cass county missouri	are you looking for government service	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	are you planning to run or exercise	False
What is von Willebrand Disease?	which type of von willebrand disease do you want information about	True
tell me about rice?	do you want to know the nutritional content of rice	True
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	is there a medical condition that you are looking heal	True
I’m interested in civil right movement	would you like to know about any specific acts	True
Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	would you like the instructions for electronic skeet shoot	True
How to change the toilet in the house	what size is your toilet	True
Tell me about the sit and reach test.	would you like to know where the test is used in	True
Give me espn sports information.	are you interested in lodgings	False
I'm looking for a wedding budget calculator	did you want to see a wedding budget based on your income	True
tell me about iron	are you trying to determine whats a safe amount of iron in your blood	True
Which gps receiver I should buy	are you interested in how gps was orginally made	True
Find information about the secret garden.	what model of wilson antenna are you inquiring about	False
How do I get my free annual credit report?	wou you like to know more about 3in1 credit reports	True
Find me information about diabetes education	are you interested in atari games or information about the brand	False
Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	what is the doctors name at this facility that you want	True
What is equal opportunity employer?	are you talking about the navel academy	False
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	what year do you want to know the president for	True
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	do you want to know the cost of internet phone service	True
What can I do in sherwood regional library	are you looking to reserve a space at the sherwood regional library	True
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	would you like to know about health problems that arise from exposure to asbestos	False
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	were you looking for how cell phones work	False
Find information about the secret garden.	do you have questions about the wilson antenna warrenty	False
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	are you interested in who is the ceo	False
Find information about penguins.	are you looking for places to buy fencebuilding materials	False
How to prepare for the GMAT?	would you like to know the size of this product	False
Find information about atari	which atari game are you interested in	True
I'd like to learn about moths	would you like to know how to catch moths	True
to be or not to be that is the question	are you referring to the philosopher aristotole	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	would you like to know what a weather strip is	False
Tell me more about satilies	are you interested in learning more about satellite phones or radio	True
I’m looking for information on worm	do you want to know how many different types of worms there are	True
Give me espn sports information.	what variety of figs are you interested in	False
I'd like to learn about joints	are you suffering pain in one of your joints	True
What is yahoo	would you like to see inuyasha manga	False
Give me espn sports information.	do you want information about a specific espn sports program	True
I’m interested in civil right movement	do you want to know who started the movement	True
Tell me more about USA tax for annuity	do you want to know how much an indexed annuity would cost	True
I want to learn about rock art.	do you want to know how to perform rock art	True
Tell me about Korean language.	are you looking for nearby classes	True
all men are created equal	would you like to learn about the origin of that quote	True
Where can I find information about forearm pain?	does your forearm hurt from sports	True
Find information about elliptical trainer	would you like to know where you can buy a discounted or used elliptical trainer	True
Tell me about kansas city mo	would you like to know about the process of disputing credit report	False
tell me about idaho state flower	are you interested in the histroy behind it	True
What is California Franchise Tax Board	are you looking for payment information	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	would you like to know about normal heart rate	False
Find information on ontario california airport.	is there anywhere in california youd like to go visit	True
I'm looking for flame designs	do you want to know about a management position	False
How can one can become highway patrol	would you like to know more about their responsibilities	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	are you referring to playstation 2 games	False
What is yahoo	would you like to know more about the inuyasha illustrator and writer	False
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	do you want to know the cost of a gmat prep class	False
tell me about idaho state flower	do you need mediciation for fibromyalgia	False
tell me about tangible personal property tax	would you like to see a list of states which receive tangible personal property tax	True
how to hire disc jockey	are you looking for reviews of djs	True
What to do in Arkansas	do you want information on jobs in arkansas	True
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	are you looking for the brands of butter and margarine	False
Tell me more about satilies	do you want to know about natural or artificial satellites	True
Tell me about ron howard.	are you interested in ron howards personal life	True
what is the best long term care insurance	would you like a list of new york hotels	False
Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	are you looking for a specific web site	True
Tell me more about HP mini 2140	do you want reviews of the hp mini 2140	True
What is von Willebrand Disease?	what kind of information about von willebrand disease do you want to see	True
Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	would you like to know more about pocono raceway	False
Tell me about black history.	are you interested in black celebrities	True
I'm interested in InuYasha	would any specific game interest you	True
Find information about penguins.	do you want to know more about the bellevue washington local government	False
I'm interested in poker tournaments	do you want to know how poker tournaments are played	True
What is martha stewart and imclone?	are you looking for information on a specific sport	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	have you talked to your doctor about heart rate	False
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	do you need treatment information for lipoma	True
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	do you need directions to the indiana state fairgrounds	True
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	would you like to know how to sign up for internet phone service	True
I'm looking for flame designs	would you want to buy flame design stickers	True
Tell me about black history.	would you like to see a listing for hotels in kansas city	False
what is the best long term care insurance	when do you expect to need coverage to begin	True
What should I know about the civil war	are you looking for a confederate victory	True
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	would you like a list of websites that show workouts for elliptical trainers	False
What is a 403b?	would you like to find retirement financial advisors	True
Tell me about Pocono	would you like to know what figs taste like	False
How can I lower my heart rate?	are you looking for any specific pictures	False
Tell me about black history.	would you like to see a listing for hotels in kansas city	False
Tell me about vines for shade.	would you like to know what more about the history of martha stewart and imclone	False
I am looking for sources of used car parts.	are you looking for used car parts for a particular model of car	True
how to hire disc jockey	would you like to see an instruction manual	False
I’m looking for information on worm	are you looking for korean language symbols	False
Give me information about Titan.	do you want to know about the tennessee titans	True
Tell me more about Rocky Mountain News	would you like to read recent news about the rocky mountain news	True
Tell me about source of the nile	do you want to know what country the source is in	True
tell me about mgb	are you looking for more information about mgb	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	would you like to know what effects blood pressure and cholesterol	True
What can I do in sherwood regional library	would you like directions to the sherwood regional library	True
how to build a fence?	do you want to know more about companies headquartered in bellevue washington	False
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you trying to find out what worms eat	False
Tell me about texas border patrol.	are you looking for a specific web page	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	are you referring to malignant lipolysis	True
What is yahoo	would you like to know more about the inuyasha illustrator and writer	False
what is the best long term care insurance	would you like to buy a book on the best types of best long term insurances and learn more about it	True
Find information about penguins.	do you want to watch funny penguin videos	True
What is von Willebrand Disease?	do you want information about von willebrand disease in dogs	True
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	are you looking for the current president of the united states	True
What is California Franchise Tax Board	are you trying to login to the boards website	True
How should I use the septic system design	are you interested in a standard gravity type of design 3 feet of absorbant soil	True
I need information on income tax return online	may i provide you medical definition of premature ventricular contractions	False
Info on dog heat?	are you looking for symptoms of dog heat	True
How to change the toilet in the house	are you trying to find specific toilet parts	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	are you interested in weather strips for doors	False
How can I adopt a dog	do you want to adopt dogs for free	True
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	what specific dnr are you referring to	False
Find information on Porterville.	are you interested in a recipe for grilled chicken	False
I'm looking for flame designs	what are you using the design for	True
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	are you looking into price difference of companies in your area	True
Find information about penguins.	are you looking for the university the bellevue	False
Find information about the secret garden.	do you need to get a part of a wilson antenna	False
what are continental plates	are you looking for continental plate boundaries	True
Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	are you looking for reviews related to it	True
What is equal opportunity employer?	were you interested in applying to the american military university or just recieving an informational brochure	False
I'm looking for a wedding budget calculator	did you want to see if there was an app to do it	True
tell me about tangible personal property tax	what sport are you interested in	False
Find information on ontario california airport.	are you interested in visiting ontario california airport	True
Tell me about black history.	do you want to know famous black people	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	do you need to contact yahoo	False
What is average charitable donation?	would you like to know the average charitable donation based on income level in 2019	True
What is Fickle Creek Farm	are you going to purchase anything there	True
how to build a fence?	are you looking for things to do in bellevue	False
How can one can become highway patrol	are you interested in how much a patrol officer makes per year	True
Find information on hip fractures	are you interested in more information on the best long term care insurance	False
tell me about rice?	are you interested in a specific web page	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	is this an emergency	False
I'm looking for information on dieting	do you want to know if dieting is safe	True
tell me about rock and gem shows	would you like to learn about rock and gem shows in california	True
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	do you want to know how a us president is elected	True
Find me information about the Last Supper painting.	do you want a book about the last supper painting	True
map	do you want a tourist map	True
Give me air travel information.	do you want information on international travel or domestic travel	True
Where should I order dog clean-up bags	are you disposing of your dog waste at home or in a designated area	True
tell me about rock and gem shows	do you want a list of dinosaur names	False
Looking for information about the Orange County Convention Center	do you want to know the address	True
figs	would you like to watch videos about how figs grow andor how to prepare them	True
how to build a fence?	is there a specific material it needs to be made from wood cement tin	True
I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	are you looking for the symptoms of lymphoma in dogs	True
What is a 403b?	would you like to see alternative retirement accounts	True
Tell me about ps 2 games?	what is the most you are willing to spend on a ps 2 game	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	would you like to find exercises to lower your heart rate	False
tell me about wilson antenna	are you looking for pages that compare mitchell college with others	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	how much do you need to lower your heart rate	False
I’m interested in civil right movement	is there any specific historical movement on your mind	True
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	are you trying to determine whats a safe amount of iron in your blood	False
How do I get my free annual credit report?	would you like to know about the process of disputing credit report	True
What to do in Arkansas	do you want to know the most famous person from arkansas	True
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	are looking for reviews on volvo xc90 suv	False
Find information about tornadoes	do you need to know the difference between a watch and a warning	True
Give me espn sports information.	are you interested in the fruit or are you looking for the clothing brand that sells scrubs	False
How can I lower my heart rate?	are you interested in a specific season of inuyasha	False
Find information about penguins.	are you referring to bellevue iowa	False
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	are you looking for a specific web site	True
Find information on raised gardens.	do you need information in different types that can be made	True
Tell me about Obama family tree.	what would you like to know about obamas heritage	True
How to register dmv in va?	do you want to know how many species are there of vines for shade	False
Find information on Porterville.	do you want more informaiton about grilling vegtables	False
Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	would you like to see the legal definition of equal opportunity employer	False
What are characteristics of Uranus	are you looking for learning material for school	True
How to change the toilet in the house	do you need tickets for the music man	False
tell me about UNC	are you interested in the whereabouts of the university of carolina	True
Find me reviews of the les Miserables.	do you want reviews of les miserables from pbs	True
When can I see Churchil Downs	do you want to know the best time to visit churchill downs is	True
I'm looking for information on VLDL levels	are you interested in information about the difference between vldl and hdl levels	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	are you looking for arkansas football	False
Tell me information about a sore throat.	do you have a cough as well	True
Tell me about sonoma county medical services.	are you looking for a specific doctor at mayo clinic jacksonville fl	False
What to do in Arkansas	do you want to know the most famous person from arkansas	True
I'm looking for information on dieting	how much weight do you want to lose while dieting	True
I am looking for sources of used car parts.	are you looking for the nearest junck yard	True
What is Fickle Creek Farm	would you like to know more about the mayo clinic facilities and services	False
how to hire disc jockey	do you need to book a dj for an event	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	do you need to know where you can purchase a grill	True
tell me about diversity	would you like the legal definition of diversity	True
Tell me more about Hawain volcanos	do you want to know how long the hawaiian volcano observatories has been monitoring kilauea	True
Tell me about vanuatu	do you need a gs pay calculator	False
I'm looking for flame designs	are you looking for the stock symbol avp	False
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	would you like directions to the nearest iowa food stamp office	False
What are signs of a heartattack?	would you like to know how to prevent these signs	True
I'm looking for information about South Africa	do you want the population of south africa	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	what is the heart rate youre looking to achieve	False
What is Fickle Creek Farm	are you looking for information about staying at fickle creek farm	True
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	do you need to know where you can purchase a grill	False
I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	are you looking for the symptoms of lymphoma in dogs	True
How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	do you want guidelines on how to ace an inteview	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	are you iinterested in a kenmore gas water heater	False
I'm interested in InuYasha	are you interested in the years inuyasha was shown in tv	True
Tell me about american military university.	do you need info on jax chemical company	False
Find me information about the Ritz Carlton Lake Las Vegas.	are you looking for any specific games to play there	True
I'm looking for a wedding budget calculator	did you want something online that does calculations for you	True
I'm interested in mothers day songs	do you have an artist that you want to hear in mothers day songs	True
I need information about the University of Phoenix.	are you wanting directions to porterville	False
What is yahoo	are you talking about the stock price of the giant	True
How do I get my free annual credit report?	do you want information on what is in a credt report	True
Find information about penguins.	are you looking for any specific information about the birds	True
I'm interested in InuYasha	are you interested in the list of inuyasha characters	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	would you like to know how much a kenmore gas water heater is	False
How should I use the septic system design	do you want a single large lateral or multiple smaller laterals	True
tell me about diversity	are you looking for information on a specific diversity program	True
TV on computer	are you interested in buying a tv with a computer included	True
Find information on ontario california airport.	do you mean an airport in canada	True
Tell me about vines for shade.	would you like to know cheap ways to grow vines	True
Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	do you need information about furniture arrangement	True
how to build a fence?	are you trying to build a specific kind of fence	True
What is yahoo	how would you like to watch inuyasha episodes	False
I'm looking for information on hurricane Irene flooding in manville nj	are you seeking random facts about manville nj during hurricane irene	True
What is yahoo	do you want to know about yahoo the company or yahoo the word	True
What to do in Arkansas	are you interested in learning about arkansas	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you looking for directions to bellevue	True
Find information about the secret garden.	what do you want to use the antenna for	False
Find information about penguins.	would you like to buy some stuff related pittsburgh penguins	True
How to cook pork tenderlion	do you need to cook a pork tenderloin	True
Tell me about sonoma county medical services.	have you been to this clinic before	False
What is average charitable donation?	are you interested in a specific charity	True
Tell me about kansas city mo	are you interested in a list of companies in which you can get credit reports	False
tell me about cass county missouri	do you want to know about the schools in cass county missouri	True
I’m looking for blue throated hummingbird	are you wanting to know its scientific name	True
discovery channel store	do you need to see what is sold there	True
how to build a fence?	are you looking for bellevue baptist church	False
Tell me information about Volvo.	which part of volvo are you interested in	True
I’m looking for the music man.	are you interested in the music man	True
how to build a fence?	are you interested in the costs of building a fence	True
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	would you like to know what distinguishes gmat from gre	False
Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	are you trying to rent at a disneyland hotel	True
Find me information about diabetes education	are you searching for prevention tools	True
Find information about elliptical trainer	are you referring to the machine or person	True
Find information about the secret garden.	are you looking to buy an antenna or read more about the antenna	False
What is Fickle Creek Farm	would you like to know the phone number of mayo clinic jacksonville fl	False
Find information about the wall	would you like to know the rules of the wall game show	True
Find information about the secret garden.	are you looking for flame design tracers	False
Find sewing instructions for me	would you like to learn basics for sewing	True
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	would you like to know how butter and margarine affect the food you eat	False
Find me information about diabetes education	are you searching for prevention tools	True
I'm looking for information on dieting	are you searching for dieting pills	True
tell me about cass county missouri	do you want to know about the schools in cass county missouri	True
Where can I find information about forearm pain?	are you having forearm pain	True
Tell me more on Kansas city railroad	are you looking for a specific energy related company	True
Find information about elliptical trainer	are you interested in different brands of elliptical trainer	True
Tell me about Barbados.	are you searching for an image for lipoma	False
I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	do you want a paralegal internship	True
Tell me about american military university.	are you wanting to know its location	True
Find information about the wall	are you referring to the wall proposed by donald trump or the wall by pink floyd	True
I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	would you like a history of the band	True
I need information about the University of Phoenix.	are you looking for any specific venues in porterville	False
I'm looking for information on hobby stores	do you want to know hours of operation	True
I'm interested in dinosaurs	would you like directions to the va dmv registration	False
I need information on income tax return online	are you interested in pvc pipe	False
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	are you looking for the records for culpeper national cemetary	True
how to build a fence?	do you want to know about the nearest town named bellevue	False
Is Kenmore heater good	what year model are you looking for	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	do you want to know how to get to arkansas	False
How to change the toilet in the house	are you trying to find specific toilet parts	True
How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	would you like to know more about writing interview thank you letters	True
tell me about ct jobs	would you like to know the penguins schedule	False
How to prepare for the GMAT?	would you like to know about risk factors of lymphoma in dogs	False
Find information about tornadoes	are you looking for information on weather	True
Find information about elliptical trainer	do you want to adopt from a shelter or an individual owner	False
tell me about iron	are you looking for listings with a particular skill set	False
TV on computer	do you want to know how to display your computer on a tv	True
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	do you need to apply for food stamps in iowa	False
Find me information about diabetes education	are you looking for someone to design a site for you or a site that allows you to do it yourself	False
How can one can become highway patrol	do you want to know if the tennessee highway patrol has reported any accidents	True
how to build a fence?	are you looking for bellevue baptist church	False
How to get organised?	do you need to find out how to organize your pantry	True
I need information on income tax return online	do you want to know the status of your return	True
Find information about elliptical trainer	what breed of dog are you looking for	False
I'm looking for information on hobby stores	are you looking for a specific hobby store	True
Tell me about civil war battles in South Carolina	are you interested in when the civil war battles in south carolina took place	True
Find me information on sat	are you looking for the nearest sat testing location	True
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	are you looking for research papers	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	how would you like to lower your heart rate	False
How can one can become highway patrol	did you want to know what the tenessee highway patrol cars look like	True
Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	are you looking for a specific web site	True
Find me information about diabetes education	what are you trying to learn about diabetes	True
Find sewing instructions for me	would you like to learn basics for sewing	True
Tell me about american military university.	do you need contact information	False
Find information about the secret garden.	do you want black and white or colored designs	False
I'm interested in poker tournaments	do you want to find local tournaments near you	True
Tell me about the sit and reach test.	do you want to know other related tests	True
Find information about the gs pay rate	do you need a gs pay calculator	True
I'm looking for keyboard reviews	do you just want to rated keyboards	True
tell me about wilson antenna	are you looking for a specific web page	True
Find information on raised gardens.	do you need information in different types that can be made	True
What is yahoo	are you referring to the email client	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	do you want to see cookbooks for grilling	True
tell me about idaho state flower	would you like the idaho state flower coloring page	True
What is yahoo	would you like to know why its important to lower your heart rate	False
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	are you wanting to know the illnesses that list sore throat as a symptom	False
Tell me about of Ralph Owen Brester.	would you like to know about brewsters college education degree and work history	True
What is yahoo	are you interested in the years inuyasha was shown in tv	False
How do I get my free annual credit report?	do you want a map	False
Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	are you referring to pocono mountains	False
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	do you need to find hunting and fishing grounds in arizona	True
Find information about the sun.	are you interested in the suns life cycle	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	do you feel unprepared for the gmat test	True
I need information about the University of Phoenix.	are you looking for any specific faculty member of university of phoenix	True
I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	are you looking for some retailers	True
Tell me more about HP mini 2140	are you trying to login to the boards website	False
Where should I order dog clean-up bags	are you looking for the best to purchase	True
Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	are you wondering where disneyland hotels are located	True
How do I get my free annual credit report?	do you want to know the population	False
Where can I find cheap internet	are you wondering where cheap internet is	True
I'm looking for flame designs	what would you like to know about the dog heat season	False
Information about east ridge high school.	are you looking for a place to sell a used trombone	False
I'm interested in poker tournaments	would you like a schedule of poker tournaments	True
What can I do in sherwood regional library	do you want to call	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	which battle would you like to learn about how the technique of flushing was used	False
Tell me bio of george bush sr.	are you interested in who george bush srs son is	True
Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	would you like find out where you can play electronic skeet shoot	True
Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	would you like directions to the nearest iowa food stamp office	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	what items are you interested in flushing down the toilet	False
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	would you like to buy tickets for a specific event there	True
How to cook pork tenderlion	would you like to see the cooking temperature of pork tenderloin	True
Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	would you wanting to know how to set one up	True
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	do you want to know their hours of operation	False
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	do you need any specific information about pnl	True
map	do you study road maps	True
Tell me information about a sore throat.	are you interested in any specific events here	False
How can I lower my heart rate?	would you like to know what effects blood pressure and cholesterol	True
Find information on ontario california airport.	would you like to hear departure times for ontario california airport	True
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	would you like things to do to soothe a sore throat	False
Information about raffles	what category are you searching for raffles in	True
What is von Willebrand Disease?	which type of von willebrand disease do you want information about	True
Find information on French Lick Resort and Casino.	do you want reviews of french lick resort and casino	True
Find me information about diabetes education	are you looking for someone to design a site for you or a site that allows you to do it yourself	False
I’m looking for information on worm	do you want to know where worms come from	True
I'm looking for information on dieting	are you interested in reading more about the health benefits of dieting	True
What to do in Arkansas	are you looking for arkansas history	True
Tell me more on Kansas city railroad	do you want to know about kennycaffey syndorme	True
I'm looking for a wedding budget calculator	did you want to see examples of budget weddings	True
Find sewing instructions for me	would you like to know to to mend a shirt	True
How to cook pork tenderlion	would you like to see pork tenderloin recipes	True
How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	which tv and computer information would you like to know more about	False
Tell me about black history.	do you want to know famous black people	True
I'm looking for universal animal cuts reviews	would you like to purchase universal animal cuts	True
I'm looking for information on hobby stores	what kind of train are you looking for	True
What to do in Arkansas	would you like to read about colleges in arkansas	True
I'm interested in dinosaurs	do you want a list of dinosaur names	True
tell me about mgb	are you looking for mini gastric bypass surgery	True
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	are you looking for reviews of gmat prep classes	False
tell me about tangible personal property tax	do you want to know who is eligible for the tangible personal property tax	True
Find information on raised gardens.	do you want to buy raised garden supplies	True
discovery channel store	do you need a phone number	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	arey you conerned about someones face becoming red	False
What is California Franchise Tax Board	do you want a phone number	True
Find me information about the Ritz Carlton Lake Las Vegas.	would you like the history of ritz carlton lake las vegas	True
What is a 403b?	do need to see any specific information about 403b eligibility	True
Find sewing instructions for me	would you like a book about sewing	True
I'm looking for universal animal cuts reviews	did you want to know if the price was worth it	True
Tell me about vines for shade.	are you seeking to watch martha stewart and imclone	False
Find information about Mitchell College.	are you referring to alien vs predator	False
What is a 403b?	would you like to see if your employer offers 403b resources	True
Find information about the wall	are you interested in a specific part of a home	True
I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	are you interested in a specifc song from the beatles	True
I'd like to learn about joints	would you like to know how many joints the human body has	True
butter and margarine	would you like to know how butter and margarine affect the food you eat	True
Is Kenmore heater good	do you need the address or location for the company	False
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	do you want to know the size of culpeper national cemetery	True
I'm looking for flame designs	are you referring to alien vs predator	False
I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	do you want to know the qualifications necessary to become a paralegal	True
How to change the toilet in the house	are you trying to fix your toilet	True
Where should I order dog clean-up bags	which online store eould you like to get the dog clean up bags from	True
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	how much are you willing to spend monthly for hosting	True
What is yahoo	would you like to see inuyasha manga	False
How to change the toilet in the house	are you trying to find videos about the music man	False
How to prepare for the GMAT?	what year model are you looking for	False
What is yahoo	would any specific game interest you	False
What is yahoo	would you like to watch an inuyasha movie	False
Find information on hip fractures	do you need info on remedies	True
discovery channel store	are you looking for a mythbusters product	True
I'm looking for information about South Africa	would you like to know where south africa is on the map	True
I'm interested in dinosaurs	do you want a list of departments within the va dmv registration	False
Find information on hip fractures	are you referring to the injury	True
tell me about rock and gem shows	would you like to learn about rock and gem shows in california	True
How do I get my free annual credit report?	are you interested in learning if your credit report is safe	True
How to register dmv in va?	are you looking for a specific web page	True
I'm looking for information on VLDL levels	would you like information on how to mitigate vldl levels	True
Find information on Porterville.	are you looking for gas grill instruction	False
I want to learn about rock art.	are you wondering what rock art is	True
Find information about flushing.	would you like to know about the plumbing mechanisms of flushing	True
Tell me about atypical squamous cells	would you like to know the chance of getting atypical squamous cells	True
figs	are you looking for the basics of septic system design	False
I'm interested in InuYasha	are you interested in the years inuyasha was shown in tv	True
I'm interested in mothers day songs	are you interested in remembrance songs	True
Tell me about Obama family tree.	would you like to know what political party ralph owen brewster was affiliated with	False
tell me about evidence for evolution	are you looking for evolution of people	True
what is the best long term care insurance	what area of the country do you live in	True
Tell me about avp	are you looking for the first president ever	False
Information about east ridge high school.	would you like to see trombones for sale on amazon	False
Tell me about avp	would you like to know what avp stands for	True
Find information about atari	are you interested in atari 2600	True
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	are you looking for a specific web site	True
How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	which tv and computer information would you like to know more about	False
Tell me about hotels in New York.	are you interested in kansas city mo tourism	False
Tell me more on health clubs in Arkansas	would you like to kinow the phone nummber to arkadelphia health club	True
How is identifying spider bites?	are you looking to find out what type of spider bit you	True
Find information about the wall	are you interested in building a home	True
What can I do in sherwood regional library	do you want to know if this is the company marthat stewart was given insider trading information	False
How can I adopt a dog	should i search nearby stores for discounts on a toilet	False
Tell me more about HP mini 2140	do you need information on accessories for the hp mini 2140	True
How to get organised?	are you interested in classic atari games or current atari games	False
Find information about penguins.	are you interested in where penguins live	True
Tell me more about HP mini 2140	do you want to know their hours of operation	False
Find me information about PVC	would you like to know about premature ventricular contractions medical treatments	True
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	do you have a cough as well	False
Find information about the wall	do you neeed dry wall products	True
Info on dog heat?	are you looking for the stock symbol avp	False
Find me information on sat	would you like to know about the most recent satellite sent into orbit	True
Find information about penguins.	will this be used as a animal pen	False
where can I buy a trombone?	do you want to know the difference between that and other taxes	False
figs	are you interested in an avanced treatment below ground design	False
What are the best recepies for grilling	do you mean do not resuscitate	False
Tell me about kansas city mo	wou you like to know more about 3in1 credit reports	False
I am looking for sources of used car parts.	would you like to pick parts yourself from a salvage yard	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	are you wanting writings by the pastor	True
who invented music	do you want to know what kind of music was the first	True
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	are you looking for a recipe for grilled fish	False
What is California Franchise Tax Board	do you like to know more about writing thank you notes for an interview	False
TV on computer	are you looking for any specific information on bowflex power pro	False
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	are you referring to the arizona state wildlife department	True
How can I view my internet history?	do you want to know how to hide your history from others	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	are you interested in weather strips for doors	False
to be or not to be that is the question	are you interested in shakespeares plays	True
i will survive lyrics	do you want the lyrics on paper or on video	True
Find information on ontario california airport.	would you like to book a hotel there	True
What is California Franchise Tax Board	do you need to book a dj for an event	False
Tell me about Barbados.	are you looking for a specific website	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	are you trying to locate the causes for lipoma	True
I'm looking for flame designs	what kind of pictures are you looking for	True
Is Kenmore heater good	do you need information on employment opportunities	False
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	do you want information on arizona wildlife	True
Tell me about avp	are you looking for the stock symbol avp	True
Tell me about kansas city mo	are you interested in visiting kansas city	True
I'm interested in dinosaurs	would you like information on yelp	False
I’m looking for the music man.	do you have questions about the wilson antenna warrenty	False
What are the best recepies for grilling	are you interested in a recipe for grilled chicken	True
tell me about ct jobs	what kind of trade are you looking for	True
What are signs of a heartattack?	which symptoms do you believe you are experiencing	True
TV on computer	do you want to purchase streaming services	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	are you referring to the pastor	True
What are characteristics of Uranus	do you want to know the size of the planet	True
Tell me more about HP mini 2140	do you want to know the specs of hp mini 2140	True
Tell me about ps 2 games?	are you wanting to join a diabetes education gtoup	False
butter and margarine	would you like to see google maps homepage	False
tell me about ct jobs	is there any specific web page on your mind	True
Tell me about kansas city mo	which area of study are you looking for at unc	False
What is yahoo	would you like to know what effects hart beat rate	False
How should I use the septic system design	are you looking to move here	False
Tell me about ps 2 games?	would you like to know more about ps2 console design	True
Which gps receiver I should buy	would you like to read some reviews	False
Information about bobcat	would you like to know specific products from the company bobcat	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	are you referring to the email client	False
I'm interested in poker tournaments	are you looking for the world series of poker	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	would you like to find exercises to lower your heart rate	False
I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	would you like to know more about the duties of a paralegal	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	are you interested in grilling equipment	True
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	what type of website do you need	True
How do I get my free annual credit report?	are you looking for free internet phone service or are you willing to pay for it	False
What is California Franchise Tax Board	do you wish to do an entity search	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you referring to bellevue nebraska	True
Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	would you like to see a ground map showing the uplift of yellowstone national park	True
I'm looking for information on hobby stores	do you want stores with physical locations or online stores	True
Find sewing instructions for me	would you like to know some basic tips for sewing	True
Find information on hip fractures	when do you expect to need coverage to begin	False
How to get organised?	are you wanting help with what to do to get organized in your home	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	are you looking to purchase or repair a unit	False
I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	are you looking for a specific web site	False
How to change the toilet in the house	are you looking for reviews of the music man	False
Find information about penguins.	are you interested in the penguins of madagascar	True
Tell me about Pocono	are you looking for the information about split rock restore	True
I'm looking for flame designs	do you think your dog is in heat	False
discovery channel store	are you looking for a mythbusters product	True
How to change the toilet in the house	do you want to know the cast of the music man	False
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	do you need the address of the indiana state fairgrounds	True
Looking for information about the Orange County Convention Center	do you need a hotel	True
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	do you need to know how to trun a grill on	False
Tell me about Korean language.	are you looking for books on the korean language	True
How to change the toilet in the house	do you need to know how to measure a toilet for installation	True
Child support in Indiana?	which counties law would you like clarification on	True
tell me about wilson antenna	are you looking for a specific web page	True
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	would you like to see pictures of a sore throat	False
Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	are you wanting to know what it is	True
I'd like to learn about moths	are you interested in what draws a moth to flame	True
Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	are you looking for topics related to bathroom health	False
Find information on hip fractures	do you want to know what the symptoms of a hip fracture are	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	how low would you like to lower your heart rate	True
Where can I find cheap internet	are you interested in lowcost internet providers	True
tell me about UNC	would you like to know how internet phone service works	False
Tell me more about satilies	are you looking for history of the satellite radio systems	True
tell me about tangible personal property tax	do you want to know who owns espn	False
What is yahoo	are you interested in the music from inuyasha	False
Tell me about Barbados.	are you looking for a specific website	True
Tell me about black history.	are you interested in history in the united states	True
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	are you looking for a specific representative in relation to the company	True
how to build a fence?	are you keeping people out or animals in	True
What is yahoo	would you like to know more about kagome higurashi	False
discovery channel store	do you want to know the iron composition of steel	False
I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	are you interested in law school	True
Tell me about american military university.	do you need product information	False
Find information about Mitchell College.	what state is mitchell college in	True
What is yahoo	do you have high blood pressure	False
tell me about cass county missouri	which neighborhood in cass county are you interested in	True
Tell me about hotels in New York.	are you interested in learning if your credit report is safe	False
How to register dmv in va?	are you looking for a flowering ivy	False
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	do you want to know the cost of lipoma removal	True
tell me about iron	are you looking to buy an iron for your clothes	True
tell me about cass county missouri	can i help you find something on a map	True
Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	would you like to know more about geothermal activities at yellowstone national park	True
How should I use the septic system design	are you referring to the arizona state wildlife department	False
How to prepare for the GMAT?	are you troubleshooting or trying to repair the unit	False
Tell me about Korean language.	are you looking for information about efiling federal income tax return	False
Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	are you looking for the information about split rock restore	False
I'm interested in InuYasha	which episodes of inuyasha would you like to see	True
I'm looking for universal animal cuts reviews	did universal animal cuts work for you	True
tell me about rock and gem shows	would you like directions to local rock and gem shows	True
I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	are you interested in learning the history of the beatles	True
Tell me about vanuatu	is your question about tourism in vanuatu	True
How can I adopt a dog	would you like to know the best way to clean a toilet	False
Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	are you looking for living room furniture	True
Where can I find cheap internet	are you wondering where cheap internet is	True
Find information about flushing.	do you wish to take a korean language test	False
I’m looking for blue throated hummingbird	do you want to learn more about how blue throated hummingbirds mate	True
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	are you wanting to know the illnesses that list sore throat as a symptom	False
Find information about atari	are you interested in playing online games	True
I'm interested in InuYasha	would you like to see inuyasha manga	True
How to get organised?	are you interested in atari 2600	False
Tell me about avp	are you interested in learning about a presidents power	False
Find information about the sun.	are you looking for how hot the sun is	True
I’m looking for information on worm	are you looking for korean language symbols	False
What is von Willebrand Disease?	what person with von willebrand disease do you want to know about	True
Find information about tornadoes	are you looking for signs to expect	True
Where should I order dog clean-up bags	do you want to know the cost	True
I'm interested in InuYasha	is the ps 2 games for a child or an adult	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	have you talked to your doctor about heart rate	False
I'm interested in dinosaurs	are you looking for a specific web site about dinosaurs	True
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	are you looking for a specific web site	False
Tell me about Afganistan.	do you want to know about the wars fought in afghanistan	True
I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	what information about east ridge high school are you looking for	False
Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	are you interested where to find one	True
Info on dog heat?	do you want to know how long a female dogs heat lasts	True
What is martha stewart and imclone?	are you looking for a specific web site	True
I’m looking for the music man.	are you looking for the current performance of the music man	True
Info on dog heat?	would you like to know about the alien versus predator movie	False
What are specific dangers of asbestos?	do you need to book a dj for an event	False
Tell me information about Volvo.	would you like to know what their rating is compare to other car companies	True
I'm looking for information on duchess county tourism	would you like to see google maps homepage	False
Where can I find cheap internet	do you already have a phone service	True
Tell me more on health clubs in Arkansas	are you looking for a health club or a country club	True
butter and margarine	are you looking for health facts of butter and mararine	True
Find information about flushing.	would you like to know about the plumbing mechanisms of flushing	True
I’m looking for information on worm	are you looking for information about computer viruses	True
Tell me about weather stripping	are you interested in history in the united states	False
Find information on raised gardens.	do you need information in different types that can be made	True
How can I adopt a dog	are you trying to fix your toilet	False
Tell me about sonoma county medical services.	do you need addresses	True
How should I use the septic system design	are you trying to find a contractor	True
What is Fickle Creek Farm	may i provide you with information regarding when ralph owen brewster died and cause of death	False
Give me espn sports information.	what would you like to learn about the poconos	False
Tell me more about dnr	are you referring to the company or the term do not resuscitate	True
Tell me more on health clubs in Arkansas	would you like directions to the sherwood regional library	False
Tell me about Barbados.	would you like to know where barbados is	True
How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	do you need directions to culpeper national cemetery	False
Tell me about hotels in New York.	are you interested in learning how to read your credit report	False
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you looking for bellevue baptist church	True
I’m looking for blue throated hummingbird	are you curious about the size	True
Find me information on sat	do you want to know who grades your sats	True
Tell me about cell phones.	do you need information about cell phone plans	True
where can I buy a trombone?	are you interested in selling or buying a trombone on amazon	True
I’m looking for information on worm	do you want to find out about the animal worm or a why a person is called a worm	True
I'm interested in InuYasha	are you interested in a certain inuyasha character	True
Find me information about the Last Supper painting.	are you interested in the history of the last supper painting	True
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	do you want more information about the benefits of an elliptical trainer	False
Where can I find information about forearm pain?	are you looking for any specific web pages	True
Tell me more about satilies	do you want to know about a satellite receivers or dishes	True
Tell me more on Kansas city railroad	do you want to know about railroads	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	would you like to find foods that will lower your heart rate	False
Tell me about vines for shade.	how fast do you want the coverage to grow	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	do you want to know the cost of treatment	False
I'm looking for information on hobby stores	are you looking for a radiocontrolled plane	True
Find information about the wall	are you looking for a specific web site	True
I'm interested in dinosaurs	is arkadelphia in the name of the health club	False
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	would you like to know about health problems that arise from exposure to asbestos	False
Give me air travel information.	would you like more info on tsa guidelines	True
tell me about cass county missouri	do you want to know about the crime rate in cass county missouri	True
discovery channel store	do you wish to order online directly	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you interested in ways to fix problems flushing the toilet	False
Give me information on OCD.	do you want to know the symptoms of ocd	True
How to cook pork tenderlion	would you like to see the cooking temperature of pork tenderloin	True
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	do you want to know how to craft tools made of iron	False
Tell me information about Volvo.	are you trying to find more information about rick warren	False
Tell me about atypical squamous cells	would you like to know about treatment for atypical squamous cells	True
Tell me information about computer programming.	do you any specific information about computer science degree program	True
Give me espn sports information.	do you want espn sports corporate information	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	what aspect of the flushing remostrance would you like to learn more about	False
How to change the toilet in the house	would you like application information for the michegan works program	False
tell me about iron	are you trying to determine whats a safe amount of iron in your blood	True
When can I see Churchil Downs	do you want to know the best time to visit churchill downs is	True
Is Kenmore heater good	do you need any specific information about pnl	False
I need information about the University of Phoenix.	do you want to know the cost of attending the university of phoenix	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	would you like to see notable residents of bellevue washington	True
I need information on income tax return online	are you interested in a certain length of pvc pipe	False
I need information about the University of Phoenix.	do you want the history of porterville	False
What is yahoo	shall i take you to any specific pages of yahoo web site	True
tell me about rock and gem shows	do you want a list of dinosaur names	False
I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	do you need to know who the ceo of jax chemical company is	True
Find information about Mitchell College.	are you referring to alien vs predator	False
tell me about rock and gem shows	are you looking for dinosaur books	False
Tell me about avp	do you want a spell check for avp	True
Tell me about vanuatu	are you looking to book a trip to vanuatu	True
Find information on ontario california airport.	would you like directions from your location	True
Tell me about avp	are you looking for a certain store location	False
map	do you have map apps on your phone	True
Find information on Porterville.	do you want the history of porterville	True
Tell me about hotels in New York.	are you wanting a copy of your credit report	False
Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	are you looking for specific information regarding an equal opportunity employer	False
Where can I buy pressure washers?	are you trying to build a pressure washer	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you looking for information about hangul	False
to be or not to be that is the question	are you referring to shakespear	True
Find me information about the Ritz Carlton Lake Las Vegas.	would you like to know the capacity of ritz carlton lake las vegas	True
I'm interested in InuYasha	are you interested in playing ps 2 games on other consoles such as playstation 3 and playstation 4	False
Looking for information about the Orange County Convention Center	are you looking for events	True
how to build a fence?	do you want to know about the nearest town named bellevue	False
I'm looking for a wedding budget calculator	did you want to see examples of budget weddings	True
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	are you looking for a list of foods that are a good source of iron	False
Tell me about fybromyalgia	are you interested in who is the ceo	False
I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	do you want to know the cost of treatment	True
Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	do you have a specific toilet brand on your mind	False
tell me about rock and gem shows	would you like to know about rock and gem shows in washington	True
I'm interested in dinosaurs	are you looking for a dinosaur costume or game	True
tell me about cass county missouri	are you interested in a list of homes for sale in cass county	True
Tell me about Korean language.	do you need korean language classes	True
How to cook pork tenderlion	would you like to know where to purchase a pork tenderloin	True
I am looking for sources of used car parts.	would you like directions to the nearest parts store	True
Find information about the secret garden.	would you like to know about where to purchase a wilson antenna	False
How do I get my free annual credit report?	do you want information on how to keep your credit report good	True
Tell me about making chicken soup from scratch.	which type of chicken soup would you like to make	True
How should I use the septic system design	are you looking for the business near you	True
I'd like to learn about moths	would you like to know how to catch moths	True
Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	do you need to apply for food stamps in iowa	True
Find information about penguins.	would you like to know the penguins schedule	True
What is yahoo	how would you like to watch inuyasha episodes	False
Tell me about kansas city mo	are you interested in visiting kansas city	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	do you want to compare different models	False
Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	would you like to buy stencils online	False
Tell me about Bellevue.	do you want to know more about companies headquartered in bellevue washington	True
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	are you looking for jobs in richland	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	do you need any specific information on obama inauguration	True
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	would you like to request an appointment	True
Tell me about Barbados.	are you referring to malignant lipolysis	False
Tell me about cell phones.	would you like to read some reviews	False
Tell me about vanuatu	are you trying to find out who is the owner of the current fm station	False
I'm looking for a wedding budget calculator	do you need this information for any specific part of your ceremony	True
Find information about atari	would you like a list of websites that show workouts for elliptical trainers	False
tell me about rice?	do you want to know the country where rice was created	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	how low would you like to lower your heart rate	True
all men are created equal	would you like to know its interpretation by the us supreme court	True
Looking for information about the Orange County Convention Center	do you need a hotel	True
Information about bobcat	what breed of bobcat are you looking for more information about	True
I’m looking for the music man.	are you looking for a summary of the music man plot	True
Information about raffles	what kind of raffle are you interested in signing up for	True
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	would you like to know about butter and margarine making process	False
Find information about elliptical trainer	would you like prices of elliptical trainer	True
Find me reviews of the les Miserables.	would you want movie reviews	True
Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	do you want a map of your local area	False
What should I know about the civil war	do you want to know a history of all battles in the war	True
figs	are you interested in the calorie count or other nutrition information for the fruit	True
I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	would you like to see their homepage	True
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	are you interested in grilling equipment	False
Tell me information about Volvo.	are you referring to the internet browser	False
Tell me about weather stripping	are you interested in history in the united states	False
Tell me about american military university.	do you need to know who the ceo of jax chemical company is	False
Tell me about Pocono	what would you like to do in the poconos	True
How to register dmv in va?	do you have any plant allergies	False
What are specific dangers of asbestos?	are you asking about the dangers of asbestos siding	True
Tell me about cell phones.	what brand of cell phones are you interested in	True
What is yahoo	are you looking for any specific pictures	False
Give me espn sports information.	do you want an espn sports schedule	True
How do I get my free annual credit report?	would you want to know what is in a credit report	True
butter and margarine	what place do you want a map of	False
Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	do you wnat sports scores	False
tell me about wilson antenna	do you need to get a part of a wilson antenna	True
Find information about the secret garden.	do you have a specific purpose for the antenna	False
Information about east ridge high school.	would you like information on yelp	False
tell me about bart sf	are you looking for transit routes to oakland from bart sf	True
I'm interested in poker tournaments	are you looking for the world series of poker	True
Tell about an adobe indian house?	are you looking for a tour of adobe indian houses	True
Tell me about er television show.	do you want to know what channel er tv show is on	True
Tell me about ps 2 games?	do you want to find some resoutces	False
Tell me about kansas city mo	is unc the name of a game	False
Find condos in Florida.	are you planning to live there or are you looking for an investment property	True
Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	are you wondering where disneyland hotels are located	True
I'm looking for universal animal cuts reviews	did you want to know if it was effective for different levels of weight	True
how to hire disc jockey	are you looking for things to do near culpeper national cemetery	False
Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	do you have a specific toilet brand on your mind	False
I need information on income tax return online	how did you file your previous year taxes	True
What is yahoo	are you interested in the list of inuyasha characters	False
What are the best recepies for grilling	are you interested in grilling equipment	True
Tell me about fybromyalgia	do you need mediciation for fibromyalgia	True
What is martha stewart and imclone?	do you want information about which sports espn covers	False
Tell me about hotels in New York.	would you like a list of new york hotels	True
tell me about rock and gem shows	what local rock and gem shows are you looking for from this list	True
TV on computer	are you interested in where the bowflex power pro is produced	False
Tell me more on Kansas city railroad	are you interested in a school district	True
I'm looking for information on hobby stores	is this a hobby for an adult	True
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	are you interested in a specific brand of cell phone	False
How do I get my free annual credit report?	would you want to know credit report scores	True
I'm interested in InuYasha	are you interested in a specific season of inuyasha	True
Tell me about weather stripping	are you interesting in a certain countrys black history	False
How can I lower my heart rate?	are you interested in playing ps 2 games on other consoles such as playstation 3 and playstation 4	False
Tell me about Bellevue.	do you want to know why your face is flushing	False
map	are you referring to the nile river	False
Tell me about madam cj walker	would you like to see more early africanamerican entrepeneurs	True
I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	do you want to know the qualifications necessary to become a paralegal	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	are you interested in kabob recipes	True
Find information about atari	do you want to purchase an atari game	True
Information about bobcat	would you like to learn about tractors	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	when do you want to take a gmat prep class	True
Tell me about ps 2 games?	are you looking for stores to buy ps 2 games from	True
Information about east ridge high school.	are you looking for a specific web site	True
Find information about Mitchell College.	what state is mitchell college in	True
What to do in Arkansas	are you interested in visiting barbados	False
Find information about the gs pay rate	what year do you want to know the gs pay rate for	True
What is yahoo	are you interested in a specific season of inuyasha	False
Tell me about scooters.	are you looking to buy a scooter	True
Tell me more about dnr	would you like a map of barbados	False
Find information on raised gardens.	what type of information about raised gardens are you looking for	True
Tell me information about Volvo.	are you interested in the size of the company	True
I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	do you want to know the cost of treatment	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	do you want to know about yahoo the company or yahoo the word	False
What is yahoo	would you like to know more about the inuyasha illustrator and writer	False
I'm looking for keyboard reviews	would you like to know reviews for the best electronic keyboard	True
Info on dog heat?	would you like to know how to care for your dog during heat	True
Tell me more about dnr	would you like to know about david thompson	False
Information about raffles	are you trying to look up the results of a raffle in your area	True
Find information about penguins.	do you want to hear about the pittsburgh penguins	True
What is Fickle Creek Farm	would you like to know where fickle creek farm is on a map	True
Tell me about ps 2 games?	would you like to compare specific ps 2 games	True
Is Kenmore heater good	do you need stock price values for the company	False
How can I lower my heart rate?	how much do you need to lower your heart rate	True
Child support in Indiana?	which counties law would you like clarification on	True
tell me about idaho state flower	are you looking for a specific web page	False
map	are you interested in cartography	True
How can I view my internet history?	did you want to search for a specific site	True
Where can I find cheap internet	how do you know if your internet service is inexpensive	True
I'm looking for information about South Africa	would you like to know the distance of south africa	True
I'm looking for information about South Africa	would you like to know the distance of south africa	True
tell me about uss yorktown charleston SC	what type of accomodations are you looking for	True
How should I use the septic system design	do you need to find hunting and fishing grounds in arizona	False
Give me information about Titan.	do you want to learn more about the show titans	True
Tell me more about HP mini 2140	what type of problem are you having with the hp mini 2140	True
Find information about the secret garden.	are you looking to buy an antenna or read more about the antenna	False
How do I get my free annual credit report?	are you interested in learning how to read your credit report	True
Tell me about madam cj walker	do you want more information on the history of madam cj walker	True
How can I adopt a dog	what location would you like to search for dogs in	True
tell me about rock and gem shows	do you want to see the nearest rock and gem shows	True
Tell me about sonoma county medical services.	how soon is this needed	True
Tell me about Afganistan.	are you looking for any specific details on the safety of afghanistan	True
map	is there any specific information about the river that would interest you	False
I'm looking for flame designs	do you want an acronym meanining for avp	False
Information about east ridge high school.	are you looking for a specific web site	True
Find information on raised gardens.	is information needed on best ways to care for the garden once planted	True
Tell me about kansas city mo	which unc are you interested in	False
Tell me information about Volvo.	are you referring to the email client	False
What is yahoo	are you looking for any specific pictures	False
tell me about idaho state flower	would you like to know how big they grow	True
Find Brooks Brothers clearance.	would you like to know about the brooks brothers clearance return policy	True
to be or not to be that is the question	would some analysis of hamlet be interesting to you	True
What is equal opportunity employer?	what information would you like in regards to an equal opportunity employer	True
I’m looking for blue throated hummingbird	what similar species are you looking for	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	are you referring to the internet browser	False
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you looking for things to do in bellevue	True
What is yahoo	how would you like to watch inuyasha episodes	False
Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	should there be anything else besides the flames	False
Tell me about scooters.	are you trying to build a scooter	True
I'm looking for a wedding budget calculator	did you want something online that does calculations for you	True
Tell me about scooters.	are you looking to rent a scooter	True
Tell me about Pocono	are you interested in recipes you can make with figs fresh or dried	False
Information about east ridge high school.	do you need the address of east ridge high school	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	would you like to read about colleges in arkansas	False
Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	do you want to book a stay here	True
What can I do in sherwood regional library	would you like directions to the sherwood regional library	True
What is yahoo	are you referring to the search engine	True
I'm interested in dinosaurs	do you want to obtain forms from the dmv	False
tell me about iron	would you like to know about iron deficiencies	True
Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	are you looking for details about disneyland hotels	True
How to get organised?	what area of your home would you like to organize	True
Tell me about kansas city mo	are you interested in recent news headlines from kansas city mo	True
Tell me about Barbados.	do you want to know where to get treatment for a hip fracture	False
map	do you want a map with driving directions	True
tell me about rock and gem shows	which dinosaurs are you interested in	False
I'm looking for keyboard reviews	are you interested in gaming keyboards	True
Tell me about ps 2 games?	are you wanting to join a diabetes education gtoup	False
Give me espn sports information.	are you interested in the fruit or are you looking for the clothing brand that sells scrubs	False
Give me information on OCD.	do you want examples of ocd	True
tell me about idaho state flower	would you like the idaho state flower coloring page	True
Tell me about Neil Young.	are you interested in neil youngs history	True
I need information on income tax return online	what type of craft are you using the pvc for	False
Tell me more about dnr	would you like to know where you can get cpr certified	True
Give me air travel information.	would you like to know more about checked baggages rules	True
How to cook pork tenderlion	do you need to cook a pork tenderloin	True
Tell me about er television show.	are you interested on when er tv show started	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	how many ps 2 games are you looking to buy	False
I'm looking for information on hobby stores	are you looking for a radiocontrolled plane	True
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	what are your requirments	True
How to cook pork tenderlion	price of a pork tenderloin	True
Info on dog heat?	would you like to know if spaying would stop the heat of a female dog	True
what are continental plates	do you need study information from professors	True
how to hire disc jockey	do you want to know the price to hire a dj	True
How can I adopt a dog	what adoption agency or shelter would you like to use	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	are you interested in weather strips for windows	False
Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	are you looking for the alexian brothers lay catholic order	True
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	what year do you want to know the president for	True
Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	do you want to make an appointment	True
Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	would you like to know about yellowstones history of eruptions	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	are you wanting to see videos by the pastor	True
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	are you looking for jobs in richland	True
I'm interested in InuYasha	are you looking for ps 2 adventure games	False
Looking for information about the Orange County Convention Center	do you want to know the address	True
map	do you need traveling assistance or direction	True
Find information on Porterville.	are you interested in grilling a specefic food	False
I'm looking for keyboard reviews	are you interested in gaming keyboards	True
Find information about Mitchell College.	would you like to know about the alien versus predator movie	False
Tell me about vines for shade.	would you be interested in learning more about martha stewart and imclones history	False
I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	would you like information on a particular band member	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	would you like to know how much a kenmore gas water heater is	False
Tell me about Korean language.	would you like to know about premature ventricular contractions medical treatments	False
tell me about mgb	are you interested in the gt or the roadster	True
Find me information about the Last Supper painting.	do you want to know how much the last supper painting is worth	True
Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	are you looking for an application on this topic	True
What can I do in sherwood regional library	do you need the contact information for the sherwood regional library	True
Find Brooks Brothers clearance.	do you want to know about brooks brothers clearance center in garland nc	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you looking for a specific product in flushing queens	False
I’m looking for blue throated hummingbird	would you like to know anything specific related to it life style	True
tell me about rice?	are you looking for a specific type of rice	True
Tell me about weather stripping	would you like information about installing weather stripping	True
how to build a fence?	is there a specific material it needs to be made from wood cement tin	True
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	are you interested in grilling a specefic food	False
Tell me about Obama family tree.	would you like to know who is currently alive from president obamas family tree	True
Find information about flushing.	would you like to know about blushing	True
Tell me about kansas city mo	which unc campus are you most interested in	False
Tell me about ps 2 games?	are you interested in an online site for diabetes	False
How to cook pork tenderlion	do you need to know how long to cook pork tenderloin	True
Is Kenmore heater good	are you troubleshooting or trying to repair the unit	True
Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	are you interested in staying here for certain dates	True
How is identifying spider bites?	are you concerned about whether to go to the hispital for a spider bite	True
Tell me about fybromyalgia	what type of fibromyalgia statistics are you looking for	True
I need information about the University of Phoenix.	do you need admission information for the university of phoenix	True
Find me information on sat	what would you like to schedule for saturday	True
Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	are you interested to see images of it	True
Tell me more about dnr	do you mean do not resuscitate	True
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	do you want to know the cost of a gmat prep class	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	would you like to know what effects blood pressure and cholesterol	False
What are the best recepies for grilling	do you want to see cookbooks for grilling	True
Find information about penguins.	would you like to know the penguins schedule	True
What is Fickle Creek Farm	would you like to know the address of mayo clinic jacksonville fl	False
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	do you need the address or location for the company	True
What are signs of a heartattack?	are you interested in getting a quote for coverage	False
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	are you requesting information about the dangers of asbestos or the symptoms of associated with asbestos exposure	False
all men are created equal	are you trying to look up a speech	True
Tell me more about HP mini 2140	are you referring to the specific company	False
Tell me about Barbados.	are you referring to lipomassage	False
Tell me more about satilies	do you want to know about natural or artificial satellites	True
I am looking for sources of used car parts.	are you looking for a specific web site	True
I am looking for sources of used car parts.	do you want to obtain used car parts	True
How can I adopt a dog	do you want to adopt dogs for free	True
tell me about iron	are you interested in the common jobs in connecticut	False
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	are you looking for nearby medical practices that treat the condition	True
tell me about mgb	are you looking to purchase an mgb	True
How do I get my free annual credit report?	do you want to know how to obtain someones credit report	True
Tell me about hotels in New York.	what is your price range	True
Find information on raised gardens.	is your request related to raised garden beds	True
tell me about cass county missouri	are you interested in a list of homes for sale in cass county	True
Tell me information about a sore throat.	are you looking for doctors that treat sore throats	True
Tell me about avp	are you referring to alien vs predator	True
Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	do you need any specific tips on decoration	True
Tell me about Afganistan.	are you looking for any specific details on the safety of afghanistan	True
I’m looking for the music man.	are you looking for showtimes for the music man	True
tell me about tangible personal property tax	do you want to know the difference between that and other taxes	True
what is the best long term care insurance	are you interested in getting a quote for coverage	True
I'm looking for information about South Africa	do you want to know where south africa is	True
Find information on French Lick Resort and Casino.	do you know someone named rick warren	False
Find Brooks Brothers clearance.	would you like to learn about brooks brothers clearance sales	True
I'm looking for a wedding budget calculator	were you interested in a free or paid budget calculator	True
Tell me about Pocono	are you interested in lodgings	True
Find information about elliptical trainer	do you want stores selling elliptical trainer	True
what are the popular jobs in Michigan	are you searching for workers for your company	True
Is Kenmore heater good	are you iinterested in a kenmore gas water heater	True
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	are you looking for regulations related to your search	True
I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	how do you intend to use hp mini 2140	False
Child support in Indiana?	which counties law would you like clarification on	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	are you trying to find more information about rick warren	True
Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	do you want to sell furniture	True
I'm looking for information on dieting	do you need anything specific in relation to counting calories you consume daily	True
Tell me about weather stripping	do you want to learn how to install weater strips on windows	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	would you like to find exercises to lower your heart rate	True
I am looking for sources of used car parts.	what type of car do you want parts for	True
Find information about the gs pay rate	are you looking for information about any specific federal agencies	True
I’m looking for the music man.	do you need an address	False
tell me about rock and gem shows	would you like to learn about rock and gem shows in california	True
I’m interested in civil right movement	do you want to know if there are current civil rights movements	True
tell me about rice?	are you looking for a specific type of rice	True
tell me about iron	would you like to know how iron is mined	True
I'm looking for information on duchess county tourism	do you want a job in dutchess county	True
Tell me more about satilies	are you referring to satellite imagery on google maps	True
What is Fickle Creek Farm	are you interested in jobs at mayo clinic jacksonville fl	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	would you like to know about normal heart rate	False
Find information about flushing.	which battle would you like to learn about how the technique of flushing was used	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	do you have any medical conditions	False
I'm looking for information on dieting	how fast would you like to lose weight	True
discovery channel store	shall i open discovery channel store homepage	True
Tell me about kansas city mo	are you interested in job openeings in kansas city mo	True
Give me information on OCD.	do you want to know the symptoms of ocd	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	would you like to know why its important to lower your heart rate	False
Find information about the secret garden.	would you like to buy stencils online	False
Tell me about avp	would you like information about the alternatives to violence project	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	would you like to see a price range for gmat prep classes	True
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	would you like to know information about iron fe	False
TV on computer	would you like to see some different exercises which can be done with this equipment	False
Tell me more about HP mini 2140	do you need information on accessories for the hp mini 2140	True
What is a 403b?	what year do you want to begin contributing 403b	True
How should I use the septic system design	would you like to see arizona hunting trip information	False
tell me about bart sf	do you need information on how to ride the bart	True
I'm looking for information on VLDL levels	do you want to learn how to calculate your vldl levels	True
Tell me information about computer programming.	are you looking for information on jobs	True
I need information about the University of Phoenix.	do you need contact information for the university of phoenix	True
tell me about uss yorktown charleston SC	are you interested in the penguins of madagascar	False
Tell me about kansas city mo	are you wanting a copy of your credit report	False
What should I know about the civil war	are you looking for large battles	True
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	would you like to buy semi truck	False
tell me about ct jobs	what kind of trade are you looking for	True
Give me air travel information.	would you like to know more about carryon luggage rules	True
What can I do in sherwood regional library	are you looking for specific information about martha stewart and imcones age	False
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	which internet phone service providers are you interested in	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	would you like to know what effects blood pressure and cholesterol	False
Tell me information about a sore throat.	are you looking for doctors that treat sore throats	True
Tell me about avp	are you looking for a certain store location	False
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	are you looking for a free internet phone service	True
I’m interested in civil right movement	do you want the history of the civil right movement	True
tell me about cass county missouri	do you want to know about the crime rate in cass county missouri	True
Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	do you want to know how much it costs to stay here	True
Tell me information about a sore throat.	would you like the history of indiana state fairgrounds	False
Tell me more about Rocky Mountain News	are you talking about news in colorado	True
What are characteristics of Uranus	do you want to read an encyclopedia entry on uranus	True
tell me about ct jobs	are you looking for ct jobs in your area	True
Information about east ridge high school.	in which state are you looking for east ridge high school	True
How do you tie a Windsor knot?	are you interested in different knot tying techniques	True
What should I know about the civil war	do you need a list of civil war battles	True
What is yahoo	are you looking for specific fanrelated information	False
How to prepare for the GMAT?	would you like reviews on the kenmore gas water heater	False
Tell me about weather stripping	do you want to learn how to install weather strips on doors	True
Tell me about black history.	do you want to know major landmark dates	True
Find information about elliptical trainer	are you looking for a suitable elliptical machine to use at home	True
Find information about the wall	are you looking for a specific movie	True
Give me espn sports information.	are you looking for information on a specific league	True
What is yahoo	do you have any medical conditions	False
Tell me about ps 2 games?	would you like to learn how to cheat in ps2 games	True
Find information about atari	do you want to compare prices for website hosting and design	False
Find information about the wall	do you want to contribute to the gofundme campaign to fund the wall	True
tell me about bart sf	what information do you need about bart sf	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	would you like to know what effects blood pressure and cholesterol	False
What can I do in sherwood regional library	are you looking to reserve a space at the sherwood regional library	True
Tell me more about dnr	would you like to contact a lawyer about a possible dnr	True
tell me about iron	is there any specific web page on your mind	False
Tell me information about Volvo.	are you referring to a crazy person	False
Tell me about Bellevue.	would you like to know about blushing	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	how would you like to lower your heart rate	False
tell me about wilson antenna	are you looking for information on mitchell college in connecticut	False
Find information about Mitchell College.	are you referring to the college in new london conneticut	True
I'm looking for information on dieting	are you searching for dieting pills	True
How to register dmv in va?	where are you looking to grow the ivy	False
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	are you looking for doctors that treat sore throats	False
Tell me more about satilies	do you want to know about a satellite receivers or dishes	True
I’m looking for information on worm	do you want to know about worms in dogs	True
Find information about penguins.	are you looking for a hospital in new york ny	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	are you wanting to see sermons by the pastor	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	how would you like to lower your heart rate	False
what are continental plates	is this the topic of a reseach paper that you may be writing	True
Find information on ontario california airport.	would you like to know more about arrivals or departures	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	do you want to move to arkansas	False
How to get organised?	are you referrring how to get organized	True
what is the best long term care insurance	are you looking for a specific insurance company	True
I'm interested in InuYasha	would you like to see inuyasha manga	True
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	would you like to know more about the gmat test	False
What are the best recepies for grilling	do you want to know about grilling meat	True
Information about east ridge high school.	would you like to see trombones for sale on ebay	False
Find me information about PVC	may i provide you medical definition of premature ventricular contractions	True
tell me about rice?	are you interested in a specific web page	True
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	are you looking for prepaid phones	False
Find information on Porterville.	do you want to find a restaurant or store here	True
Info on dog heat?	are you interested in pet health supplies	True
Find information about penguins.	would you like to buy a book about this topic	True
Tell me information about computer programming.	are you looking for information on jobs	True
Tell me about weather stripping	are you looking for something to read	False
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	would you like information on arizona wildlife	True
Tell me about hotels in New York.	are you interested in learning if your credit report is safe	False
How to prepare for the GMAT?	what year model are you looking for	False
I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	do you want to buy a hp mini 2140	False
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	have you been to this clinic before	True
Find information on ontario california airport.	would you like to hear departure times for ontario california airport	True
Find me information about the Ritz Carlton Lake Las Vegas.	would you like to read some reviews of the ritz carlton lake las vegas	True
What are specific dangers of asbestos?	would you like to know about the dangers of asbestos removal	True
I am looking for sources of used car parts.	are you looking for used car parts for a particular model of car	True
Tell me more on health clubs in Arkansas	do you want to call	False
Tell me about texas border patrol.	do you want to report an incident	True
Find information about elliptical trainer	are you looking for information of a trainer vs a treadmill	True
I'm looking for information on dieting	are you looking for dieting that involves no medications	True
Tell me about er television show.	do you want to know what time er tv show is on	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	do you need to know how to trun a grill on	True
I'm looking for flame designs	should i request an application to mitchell college	False
How should I use the septic system design	do you want a single large lateral or multiple smaller laterals	True
How to change the toilet in the house	are you interested in more about the company	False
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	what score would you like to achieve on the gmat test	False
Tell me about Barbados.	are you looking for a specific website	True
Find information on Porterville.	would you like information on arizona wildlife	False
Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	are you looking for dining room furniture	True
What is martha stewart and imclone?	are you interested in what the the company imclone does	True
I’m looking for information on worm	do you want to know about worms in dogs	True
What is martha stewart and imclone?	do you want to know who owns the company imclone	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	do you want to know how yahoo is performing as a business	False
Find information about atari	what are your requirments	False
Find information about Mitchell College.	are you referring to the college in new london conneticut	True
what are continental plates	do you also need information about oceanic plates	True
How to register dmv in va?	what are in interested in about va dmv registration	True
Find information about tornadoes	are you interested in tornado disasters	True
tell me about UNC	do you want to know the location of unc	True
Tell me about avp	do you want to see the store catalogue	False
Tell me about Bellevue.	do you want to learn where to purchase fishing bait	False
Tell me about ps 2 games?	who you be interested in becoming a diabetes educator	False
How can I adopt a dog	would you like a new toilet	False
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	are you interested in the farm fresh tours	False
tell me about iron	do you know about why its important to have iron in your diet	True
how to build a fence?	will this be a tall fence or short fence	True
I’m looking for the music man.	where are you looking to mount the antenna	False
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	are you looking for someone to design a site for you or a site that allows you to do it yourself	True
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	how much are you willing to spend monthly for hosting	True
Find me information about PVC	what aspect of pvc are you interested in the manufacturing or the applications	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	are you looking for the magazine the grilling	True
I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	do you need contact information	True
What is yahoo	how low would you like to lower your heart rate	False
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	what type of website do you need	True
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	do you need information about cell phone plans	False
Find information on Porterville.	are you looking for a specific place here	True
where can I buy a trombone?	would you like to know the current rate	False
I’m looking for the music man.	which type of antenna are you interested in	False
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	are you referring to lipomassage	True
where can I buy a trombone?	would you like to see trombones for sale on amazon	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	would you like to know why its important to lower your heart rate	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	would you like to know why its important to lower your heart rate	False
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	are you interested in learning about the symptoms associated with asbestos poisioning	False
What is Fickle Creek Farm	are you looking for information about staying at fickle creek farm	True
Tell me about avp	do you want to know about the office of the president of the us	False
Tell me about Afganistan.	do you want to know how many square miles afghanistan is	True
How to cook pork tenderlion	would you like to see the cooking temperature of pork tenderloin	True
What is von Willebrand Disease?	do you want to know about the cause of von willebrand disease	True
Find me information about diabetes education	are you interested in atari 2600	False
Tell me about vanuatu	are you trying to find out if you could listen to the current music on youtube for free	False
Find me information about the Ritz Carlton Lake Las Vegas.	are you wondering where the ritz carlton in las vegas is located	True
Give me air travel information.	are you trying to find an airline	True
Tell me about fybromyalgia	are you looking to buy a volvo	False
tell me about uss yorktown charleston SC	are you interested in the animal or the hockey team	False
what are the popular jobs in Michigan	are you looking for michworks career information	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	would you like to read about colleges in arkansas	False
tell me about tangible personal property tax	would you like to know why some scientists think the yellowstone volcano is in the process of dying	False
Is Kenmore heater good	do you seek further information on lab breeders	False
How to change the toilet in the house	should i search nearby stores for discounts on a toilet	True
Tell me about Barbados.	do you need treatment information for lipoma	False
What are characteristics of Uranus	do you want to know how old it is estimated to be	True
Find information on hip fractures	would you like to buy a book on the best types of best long term insurances and learn more about it	False
Where can I find information about forearm pain?	does your forearm hurt from twisting	True
I’m looking for information on worm	are you wondering who speaks the korean language	False
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	would you like to register a domain name	True
Find information on Porterville.	would like to know about any specific sports team	True
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	are you looking for a specific web site	False
tell me about iron	are you looking to buy an iron for your clothes	True
I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	what type of problem are you having with the hp mini 2140	False
When can I see Churchil Downs	which part of churchill downs are you interested in knowing more about	True
map	what place do you want a map of	True
How to register dmv in va?	are you looking for any specific information about the library	False
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	are you interested in knowing what to do in the event of someone having a heart attack	False
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	would you like to know who are buried at culpeper national cemetery	True
Where can I find information about forearm pain?	do you have forearm pain from lifting	True
What are signs of a heartattack?	is this an emergency	True
When can I see Churchil Downs	are you looking for events at churchill downs	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	would you like to know what distinguishes gmat from gre	True
Information about bobcat	would you like to know the countries in which bobcats are found	True
what are the seven deadly sins	do you want their names	True
I want to learn about rock art.	do you want pictures of rock art	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	which battle would you like to learn about how the technique of flushing was used	False
Tell me about Korean language.	are you interested in korean language classes	True
Tell me about madam cj walker	would you like to know about walkers method of perming hair	True
Tell me more about dnr	do you want to know how much dnr costs	True
Tell me about ps 2 games?	do you want to find some resoutces	False
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	would you like to know how butter and margarine are used in recipes	False
tell me about rice?	do you want to know how to harvest rice	True
I am looking for sources of used car parts.	are you looking for a specific web site	True
figs	are you interested in figs health benefits	True
Tell me about fybromyalgia	are you looking for a diet to help manage fibromyalgia	True
Tell me information about Volvo.	would you like to buy semi truck	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	would you like reviews on the kenmore gas water heater	False
Tell me about cell phones.	are you interested in staying here for certain dates	False
Tell me about Bellevue.	would you like to see notable residents of bellevue washington	True
Tell me bio of george bush sr.	are you interested in what george bush sr did after being president	True
Give me espn sports information.	are you looking for information on a specific sport	True
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	do you want to move to dutchess county	False
Find information about the wall	are you interested in building a home	True
how to hire disc jockey	would you like to see services for the culpeper national cemetary today	False
Find information about atari	are you interested in different brands of elliptical trainer	False
figs	would you like to know where figs grow	True
Information about bobcat	are you looking for a specific tractor model	True
Find me information on sat	do you want to take a sat prep class	True
I'd like to learn about joints	are you interested in human body joints classifications	True
Find information about elliptical trainer	what brand of gps device are you looking for	False
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	are you looking for historical information about the indiana state fairgrounds	True
Let's see frank lloyd wright biography	are you interested in how frank lloyd wright became an architect	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	do you want to know a list of top gmat prep classes	True
What are characteristics of Uranus	are you wondering what probe visited uranus	True
I'm interested in InuYasha	is the ps 2 games for a child or an adult	False
Which gps receiver I should buy	are you looking for any specific device equipped with gps	True
I'm looking for information on dieting	would you like to read about different types of diet pills	True
how to build a fence?	do you want to know more about the bellevue washington local government	False
Tell me about atypical squamous cells	would you like to know if there is a cure	True
Find condos in Florida.	how many bedrooms do you want	True
How to cook pork tenderlion	are you purchasing pork tenderloin today	True
I'm looking for universal animal cuts reviews	were you wondering about how universal animal cuts works	True
Where can I find information about forearm pain?	are you looking for a specific method to cure your forearm pain	True
Tell me about ps 2 games?	how many ps 2 games are you looking to buy	True
Find information about the sun.	are you interested in objects orbiting the sun	True
Find information about Mitchell College.	are you interested in the ranking of mitchell college	True
Find information on hip fractures	are you interested in more information on the best long term care insurance	False
Tell me about black history.	are you interested in kansas city mo tourism	False
Tell me more on Kansas city railroad	are you interested in the computer game worms	False
How should I use the septic system design	do you need maps for arizona hunting and fishing	False
Where should I order dog clean-up bags	are you disposing of your dog waste at home or in a designated area	True
Tell me about sonoma county medical services.	do you need addresses	True
tell me about tangible personal property tax	what would you like to know about uplift	False
I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	do you know anything about the law	True
How to get organised?	would you like to see a list of atari games	False
tell me about iron	do you want to know how to craft tools made of iron	True
What are signs of a heartattack?	do you want to know major landmark dates	False
Find information about the gs pay rate	are you interested in applying for federal jobs	True
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	do you have a fever	False
Find information on raised gardens.	do you want to know how to create a raised garden	True
Give me information about Titan.	would you like to see the a specific titan	True
Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	are you trying to rent at a disneyland hotel	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	are you planning to run or exercise	False
Find me information on sat	would you like to know about the most recent satellite sent into orbit	True
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	would you like to take some courses on web design	True
Tell me about sonoma county medical services.	is this an emergency	False
Tell me about Pocono	are you looking for any specific faculty member of university of phoenix	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	would you like to find foods that will lower your heart rate	False
Tell me about Obama family tree.	what is ralph owen brewsters background	False
figs	are you interested in a tank design or one that dumps into open water	False
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	what type of website do you need	True
I'm looking for flame designs	do you want to know when the next semester starts at mitchell college	False
Find information about the gs pay rate	do you want to know the pay range for a specific payscale	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	what is the heart rate youre looking to achieve	False
Find me information about PVC	are you looking to buy pvc pipe	True
Tell me about er television show.	are you looking for ways to watch er	True
Find information about the gs pay rate	do you want a crossword puzzle about idaho	False
tell me about bart sf	are you looking for transit routes to oakland from bart sf	True
Tell me about vanuatu	do you want to know the federal pay cap for 2018	False
Tell me about ps 2 games?	are you looking for ps 2 adventure games	True
Find information on Porterville.	do you want to find a restaurant or store here	True
I'm looking for information on recycling lead acid batteries	would you like to recycle lead acid batteries for money or for free	True
What are signs of a heartattack?	are you looking for a specific insurance company	False
Find information on ontario california airport.	do you know how long your trip will be	True
tell me about rock and gem shows	are you interested in home decor items that are dinosaur related	False
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	are you looking for cell phones for kids	False
Find me information about diabetes education	do you want to purchase an atari game	False
Tell me more about us presidents	are you interested in the full name of the current president of the united states	True
I'm looking for flame designs	are you looking for mitchell colleges tuition rates	False
What is a 403b?	are you looking for the information how 403b plan works	True
Tell me about er television show.	would you like to buy the dvd of er tv show	True
I’m interested in civil right movement	what would you like to know about the civil right movement	True
Find sewing instructions for me	would you like to learn basics for sewing	True
When can I see Churchil Downs	are you wondering where churchill downs is	True
I'm looking for information on common schizophrenia drugs	do you want to know the types of prescribed antipsychotic drugs	True
TV on computer	would you like to see specs on this equipment	False
Tell me information about a sore throat.	are you looking for medicines to treat a sore throat	True
what are the popular jobs in Michigan	are you interested in visiting a secret garden	False
Information about bobcat	are you interested in cultivated or wild bobcats	True
I'm looking for universal animal cuts reviews	did you want to know if the price was worth it	True
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	are you interested in the the nutritional value of butter and margarine	False
Find information about flushing.	what flushing are you interested in toilet or facial	True
What is a 403b?	would you like to see alternative retirement accounts	True
What are signs of a heartattack?	would you like to know about early signs of a heart attack	True
how to build a fence?	are you looking for places to buy fencebuilding materials	True
I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	are you looking for a specific web page	False
How to cook pork tenderlion	how would you like to cook your pork tenderloin	True
discovery channel store	is there a specific product you are looking for from the store	True
tell me about iron	would you like to know how iron is mined	True
tell me about idaho state flower	would you like to know how big they grow	True
Tell me more about Hawain volcanos	do you want a list of all the volcano observatories in hawaii	True
Find information about tornadoes	do you need to know the difference between a watch and a warning	True
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	do you need the address of the indiana state fairgrounds	True
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	would you like to know how internet phone service works	True
I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	would you like to know of upcoming concert dates	True
tell me about cass county missouri	do you want to know about the schools in cass county missouri	True
Tell me about cell phones.	are you looking for prepaid phones	True
Find information about the sun.	do you want to know how far the sun is away from different planets	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	do you want to know the cost of a gmat prep class	True
Tell me about Neil Young.	do you want to listen to his music	True
How can I quick smoking	are you looking for side effects of quitting smoking	True
How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	are you preparing to conduct an interview or go to an interview	True
Tell me more about USA tax for annuity	would you like to know the advantages and disadvantages of a indexed annuity	True
map	is there a certain genre of music you prefer	False
How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	are you interested in example of thank you letters for interview	True
Tell me about american military university.	were you interested in applying to the american military university or just recieving an informational brochure	True
What to do in Arkansas	would you like to know how far barbados is	False
I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	do you want to buy their music	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	would you like to find exercises to lower your heart rate	False
Find information about tornadoes	would you like historic information	True
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	which department are you interested in at mayo clinic jacksonville fl	True
Tell me about hotels in New York.	may i provide you a list of best credit reporting agencies	False
What are signs of a heartattack?	is someone you know experiencing a heart attack	True
to be or not to be that is the question	are you interested in the quote from shakespeare or the quote used in another context	True
figs	would you like to know what figs taste like	True
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	do you need any specific information about pnl	True
I am looking for sources of used car parts.	are you looking for used car parts from a particular manufacturer	True
What is California Franchise Tax Board	do you want to go to a djs website	False
I'm interested in mothers day songs	are you looking for lapidary classes	False
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	are you looking for cell phones for kids	False
Tell me more about Rocky Mountain News	do you want to incude both canadian and us news sources	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you looking for information about computer viruses	False
map	would you like to see google maps homepage	True
Tell me about american military university.	do you need details on where jax chemical company is	False
What is Fickle Creek Farm	are you looking for specific information regarding fickle creek farm	True
Tell me about vines for shade.	are you seeking to watch martha stewart and imclone	False
What should I know about the civil war	do you need a list of civil war battles	True
Tell me about Korean language.	are you looking for information about hangul	True
Find me information about PVC	is this in reference to plumbing or some other sort of plastic product	True
I am looking for sources of used car parts.	would you like directions to the nearest parts store	True
Tell me about Obama family tree.	how old is ralph owen brewseter	False
Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	are you interested in a specific aspect of uplift at yellowstone national park	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	do you want to know about worm castings	False
How to cook pork tenderlion	do you need to know how long to cook pork tenderloin	True
Tell me about Barbados.	are you referring to a medical condition for your pet	False
I'd like to learn about moths	are you looking for luna moths	True
What is yahoo	which inuyasha characters are you interested in	False
map	are you interested in the origin of the nile	False
I'm looking for information on hurricane Irene flooding in manville nj	what date range are you interested in	True
tell me about rock and gem shows	are you looking for a dinosaur costume or game	False
I’m interested in old coins	is there a coin dealer near you	True
map	do you want songs that were released on mothers day in a specific year	False
Find information on hip fractures	are you interested in treatments for hip fractures	True
Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	what colors do you want to use	False
Tell me about Barbados.	are you referring to a medical condition for your pet	False
I'm looking for flame designs	are you interested in finding a local tattoo shop that does flame design	True
i will survive lyrics	which verse of the song i will survive do you want to know	True
Find me information on sat	are you interested in a specific web page	True
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	are you interested in example of thank you letters for interview	False
Tell me about Obama family tree.	would you like to know about brewsters college education degree and work history	False
Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	which alexian brothers hospital are you interested in	True
Tell me about Barbados.	what city in barbados are you interested in learning	True
What is yahoo	which episodes of inuyasha would you like to see	False
What are characteristics of Uranus	are you wondering when uranus was discovered	True
what is the best long term care insurance	do you think the best long term care insurance is right for you	True
How to cook pork tenderlion	are you purchasing pork tenderloin today	True
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	which model of volvo are you interested in getting information about	False
figs	are you interested in a standard gravity type of design 3 feet of absorbant soil	False
Tell me more about USA tax for annuity	are you interested in finding out the difference between an indexed and variable annuity	True
TV on computer	would you like to see some different exercises which can be done with this equipment	False
Tell me information about Volvo.	are you interested in the size of the company	True
tell me about wilson antenna	are you looking for pages that compare mitchell college with others	False
Find information about penguins.	do you want to hear pittsburgh penguin news	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	are you wanting to see sermons by the pastor	True
I’m interested in civil right movement	would you like to know what happened during the civil rights movement	True
Which gps receiver I should buy	do you want a phone number to call	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	do you want to know about yahoo the company or yahoo the word	False
what are the popular jobs in Michigan	are you interested in educational reviews and essays about the secret garden for a homework assignment	False
tell me about wilson antenna	what kind of pictures are you looking for	False
who invented music	do you want the name of one person	True
Find information on hip fractures	are you referring to the injury	True
Tell me about avp	would you rather read some reviews about avp antivirus	True
Tell me about Pocono	would you like to see a list of different kind of figs with images	False
What to do in Arkansas	are you looking for what country arkansas is	True
TV on computer	are you wondering if there has been a recall notice	False
Where can I find information about forearm pain?	does your forearm hurt from sports	True
Tell me more about Rocky Mountain News	do you want to read geology of the mountain range	True
tell me about uss yorktown charleston SC	are you looking for any specific information about the birds	False
I'm looking for flame designs	do you want black and white or colored designs	True
I'm interested in InuYasha	what types of ps 2 games do you like to play	False
Find information on hip fractures	are you interested in the age breakdown of common hip fracture sufferers	True
What are characteristics of Uranus	how many facts do you want	True
Information about bobcat	are you interested in cultivated or wild bobcats	True
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	do you need an event schedule for the indiana state fairgrounds	True
tell me about tangible personal property tax	would you like to see a ground map showing the uplift of yellowstone national park	False
Tell me about avp	are you interested in learning about a presidents power	False
Give me information on OCD.	would you like to know more about ocd	True
Find information on French Lick Resort and Casino.	would you like to see resorts and casinos in the french lick area	True
Tell me about vanuatu	do you want to contact somebody here	True
How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	are you looking for an interview preparation guide	True
tell me about wilson antenna	are you looking for flame designs for a tattoo	False
tell me about uss yorktown charleston SC	are you looking for homes or demographic information	True
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	do you want to know the history of culpeper national cemetery	True
What is yahoo	are you referring to the email client	True
Find information about the gs pay rate	do you want to know when the idaho state flower was named	False
Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	are you referring to a federally funded food stamp program or one that is funded by the state government	True
How do I get my free annual credit report?	would you like to know how internet phone service works	False
How to get organised?	are you interested in atari games or information about the brand	False
Find information about Mitchell College.	would you like directions to mitchell college	True
Tell me information about a sore throat.	are you looking for any specific support group in relation to fybromyalgia	False
How should I use the septic system design	ae you looking for examples of septic system design	True
I need information on income tax return online	do you want to file your income tax return through the internal revenue online	True
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	are you looking for some medication	False
to be or not to be that is the question	are you talking about a psychology book	True
What is California Franchise Tax Board	are you looking for djs in your area	False
How to prepare for the GMAT?	would you like to know the size of this product	False
Give me information on OCD.	are you looking for documentaries of people who live with ocd	True
TV on computer	would you like to know how to watch tv on your computer	True
Find information about flushing.	are you referring to flushing new york	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	do you have high blood pressure	False
I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	do you watch lawbased television	True
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	would you like to buy tickets for a specific event there	True
Give me espn sports information.	do you want information about a specific espn sports program	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	would you like to know what effects hart beat rate	False
Where can I find information about forearm pain?	are you worried your forearm pain means you have a broken bone	True
Find information about atari	are you interested in atari 2600	True
How do I get my free annual credit report?	do you want to contact somebody here	False
How do I get my free annual credit report?	would you like to know how to sign up for internet phone service	False
How to change the toilet in the house	do you want to know the actors in the music man	False
tell me about mgb	are you looking for parts for the mgb	True
Tell me information about Volvo.	what year of volvo do you need information about	True
Tell me about Afganistan.	are you looking for current news about afghanistan	True
Info on dog heat?	do you think your dog is in heat	True
What are characteristics of Uranus	are there any specific details that you are trying to find out	True
When can I see Churchil Downs	are you looking for attractions near churchill downs	True
tell me about iron	are you interested in knowing how iron is made	True
Child support in Indiana?	are you seeking support of a child in indiana	True
How to change the toilet in the house	would you like to see reviews on specific movies and tv shows	False
Find information about the secret garden.	are you interested in the original classic book by frances hodges burnett	True
Tell me about vines for shade.	are you looking for specific information about martha stewart and imcones age	False
Give me information on OCD.	are you interested in ocd medications	True
tell me about UNC	are you interested in the whereabouts of the university of carolina	True
I'm looking for flame designs	are you looking for avp beach volleyball	False
How should I use the septic system design	are you looking for information on its maintenance	True
Find information about the secret garden.	are you interested in visiting a secret garden	True
Tell me about source of the nile	do you need details on where jax chemical company is	False
I need information on income tax return online	do you need to apply for a federal tax return online	True
I'm looking for information on hobby stores	are you looking for a radiocontrolled plane	True
Find me information about the Last Supper painting.	do you need directions to see the last supper painting	True
Find information about atari	which atari computer system would you like to know about	True
What is average charitable donation?	do you want to know how much the average charitable donation is	True
Find information about penguins.	are you looking for directions to bellevue	False
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	would you like to buy semi truck	False
tell me about UNC	do you need information on residential or business	False
Tell me about cell phones.	are you interested in staying here for certain dates	False
I want to learn about rock art.	are you referring to a music genre	True
Tell me about weather stripping	would you like to know if it is possible to weather strip a car	True
butter and margarine	what place do you want a map of	False
Find information about the wall	do you neeed dry wall products	True
Information about east ridge high school.	are you looking for discounted trombines	False
Tell me information about Volvo.	do you know someone named rick warren	False
How do I get my free annual credit report?	are you interested in learning if your credit report is safe	True
Find information about the secret garden.	would you like to read some reviews of wilson antennas	False
Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	do you want to know what the current uplift is at yellowstone national park	True
What is martha stewart and imclone?	do you wnat sports scores	False
Find me information on sat	are you looking for the nearest sat testing location	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	is the ps 2 games for a child or an adult	False
I’m interested in civil right movement	would you like to know when the civil rights movement began	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	would you like to find foods that will lower your heart rate	True
I’m looking for information on worm	are you interested in korean language degrees	False
Tell me about atypical squamous cells	are you interested in a desciption of aytypical squamous cells	True
Is Kenmore heater good	would you like to know the size of this product	True
What is Fickle Creek Farm	do you want the history of fickle creek farm	True
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	would you like to know the way to culpeper national cemetary	True
Which gps receiver I should buy	what type of toilet are you looking for	False
Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	are you looking for information on a specific league	False
Find information on Porterville.	are you wondering where porterville is	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	which ps 2 game franchises are you interested in	False
tell me about cass county missouri	are you looking for places to eat in cass county missouri	True
I'm looking for information on common schizophrenia drugs	for which year did you want to find out what the common schizophrenia drugs are	True
I'm interested in InuYasha	are you looking for any specific pictures	True
Give me information on OCD.	do you want to know more about the different types of ocd	True
Tell me about Neil Young.	are you looking for specific neil young songs	True
Tell me more about dnr	would you like to know about david thompson	False
What is yahoo	how would you like to watch inuyasha episodes	False
Tell me about ron howard.	are you looking for a list of movies ron howard directed	True
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	are you interested in purchasing it online	True
Tell me about the sit and reach test.	are you looking for information on how its scored	True
Give me espn sports information.	are you interested in the history of the pcoconos	False
Give me information about tribe formerly living in alabama	are you looking for a map	True
Tell about an adobe indian house?	are you going to purchase any specific product related to your search	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	would you like to see diagrams of how a toilet flushes	False
Find information on ontario california airport.	do you need a map of the area would you like the website address	True
Tell me more about satilies	are you referring to satellite imagery on google maps	True
Where can I find information about forearm pain?	are you having forearm pain	True
Give me information about Titan.	are you referring to the watch brand	True
Find information about the gs pay rate	do you want a crossword puzzle about idaho	False
Tell me information about Volvo.	would you like to know what country volvo is located	True
Tell me information about Volvo.	would you like to know what are their most popular vehicles	True
Find information about the sun.	are you looking for information about how big the sun is	True
What is yahoo	are you interested in inuyasha wiki activity	False
Tell me information about a sore throat.	do you have a fever	True
What is yahoo	are you interested in the list of inuyasha characters	False
Where can I find information about forearm pain?	are you looking for doctors that treat forearm pain	True
What are characteristics of Uranus	are you wondering the size of uranus	True
Tell me about hotels in New York.	is there a specific neighborhood you are interested in	True
tell me about tangible personal property tax	what would you like to know about uplift	False
What is Fickle Creek Farm	what is ralph owen brewser famous for	False
How to prepare for the GMAT?	are you looking for a specific web site	True
Where should I order dog clean-up bags	are you looking for biodegradable dog clean up bags	True
Give me espn sports information.	what sport are you interested in	True
how to build a fence?	are you referring to bellevue iowa	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	shall i take you to any specific pages of yahoo web site	False
how to build a fence?	would you like to see notable residents of bellevue washington	False
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	are you looking for a specific web site	False
to be or not to be that is the question	are you referring to a certain philosohper	True
Tell me about atypical squamous cells	do you want to learn about cervical cancer	True
I'm looking for universal animal cuts reviews	would you like to review universal animal cuts	True
Find information about penguins.	will this be used as a animal pen	False
Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	what sport are you interested in	False
Tell me about ps 2 games?	would you like to compare specific ps 2 games	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	have you talked to your doctor about heart rate	True
I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	do you want to know colleges in your area where you can study to be a paralegal	True
How do I get my free annual credit report?	is your question about tourism in vanuatu	False
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	are you looking for prepaid phones	False
I'm looking for information on duchess county tourism	what place do you want a map of	False
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	do you seek further information on lab breeders	True
tell me about iron	would you like to know information about iron fe	True
tell me about iron	which part of connecticut are you interested in	False
Information about east ridge high school.	how fast do you want the coverage to grow	False
Where can I find cheap internet	are you upset by the quality of your internet service	True
I need information on income tax return online	what aspect of pvc are you interested in the manufacturing or the applications	False
Tell me about vanuatu	are you looking to book a trip to vanuatu	True
What should I know about the civil war	do you want to know a history of all battles in the war	True
Tell me about sonoma county medical services.	would you like to know the phone number of mayo clinic jacksonville fl	False
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	are you looking for information of a trainer vs a treadmill	False
Information about raffles	are you interested in raffles college of design	True
What is yahoo	would you like to know more about the inuyasha illustrator and writer	False
Tell me about hotels in New York.	is there a specific neighborhood you are interested in	True
how to build a fence?	are you looking for directions to bellevue	False
How to prepare for the GMAT?	would you like to know who carries this product	False
Find information about flushing.	are you looking for information about hangul	False
I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	do you want to learn about the law	True
How can I quick smoking	do you want information on how many people successfully quit smoking	True
I need information about the University of Phoenix.	are you looking for any specific venues in porterville	False
figs	are you interested in recipes you can make with figs fresh or dried	True
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	are you looking for a specific web site	False
Find information about tornadoes	are you looking for information on weather	True
I'm looking for information on VLDL levels	what would you like to know about vldl levels	True
Find information on Porterville.	do you need to know where you can purchase a grill	False
tell me about idaho state flower	are you looking for some fun facts	True
What can I do in sherwood regional library	do you want to know what the current uplift is at yellowstone national park	False
I'm looking for information on duchess county tourism	are you looking for a world atlas	False
Find information on Porterville.	do you need maps for arizona hunting and fishing	False
Tell me about Bellevue.	would you like to see diagrams of how a toilet flushes	False
I need information about the University of Phoenix.	are you looking for any specific venues in porterville	False
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	would you like to see symptoms of this	False
How to prepare for the GMAT?	do you need help finding a vet that treats lymphoma in dogs	False
I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	do you need to know who the ceo of jax chemical company is	True
to be or not to be that is the question	are you interested in the quote from hamlet	True
butter and margarine	are you interested in cartography	False
What is equal opportunity employer?	would you like to know more about its history	False
I'm interested in poker tournaments	where would you like to find poker tournaments	True
Give me information on OCD.	do you want to know more about the different types of ocd	True
tell me about iron	woud you like a list of items made from iron	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	would you like to know why its important to lower your heart rate	False
I'm looking for universal animal cuts reviews	did you want to know if anyone near you has tried it	True
Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	do you want to know what being an equal opportunity employer means	False
Tell me information about Volvo.	do you need information about a volvo dealership	True
What are signs of a heartattack?	are you at risk for having a heart attack	True
I'm interested in mothers day songs	is there a certain melody you are interested in	True
Tell me more about dnr	are you interested in barbados flag	False
What is yahoo	which episodes of inuyasha would you like to see	False
Find information on ontario california airport.	would you like to know more about ontarioca airport services	True
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	do you want to learn about our president	True
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	do you want to know the address	False
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	are you looking for a clinic for lipoma treatment	True
Tell me about cell phones.	were you looking for how cell phones work	True
How should I use the septic system design	are you looking for attractions near porterville	False
Tell me about american military university.	are you wanting information about west point	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	are you looking for a specific model or part	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	would you like to know what effects blood pressure and cholesterol	False
Find information about flushing.	are you trying to learn the korean language	False
Find information on Porterville.	are you looking to move here	True
I'd like to learn about joints	would you like to know about home remedies for joint pain	True
What are specific dangers of asbestos?	would you like to know whether asbestos exposure cause cancer	True
What to do in Arkansas	are you interested in the history of barbados	False
What is martha stewart and imclone?	do you want an espn sports schedule	False
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	would you like to see services for the culpeper national cemetary today	True
Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	would you like a website about this topic	True
how to hire disc jockey	are you looking for djs in your area	True
tell me about iron	do you want to know the iron composition of steel	True
How to get organised?	are you interested in classic atari games or current atari games	False
Tell me about american military university.	would you like a list of dinosaur movies	False
Find information on Porterville.	do you want more informaiton about grilling vegtables	False
How to change the toilet in the house	what size is your toilet	True
I’m interested in civil right movement	what would you like to know about the civil right movement	True
I want to learn about rock art.	are you wondering what rock art is	True
what are continental plates	which continental plates are you interested in	True
Tell me information about Volvo.	do you want to know how yahoo is performing as a business	False
Tell me information about a sore throat.	do you have a cough as well	True
Find information on raised gardens.	is your request related to raised garden beds	True
Take me to the current.	are you looking for the magazine the current	True
I'm looking for information on VLDL levels	are you interested in ways to reduce vldl levels	True
Information about east ridge high school.	are you looking for a 24 hour fitness center	False
I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	would you like to place an order	True
How to change the toilet in the house	would you like to know about different types of toilets	True
How to register dmv in va?	what services do you want to find information about	True
Give me information about Titan.	are you referring to the monster from the final fantasy series	True
I'm interested in InuYasha	are you interested in the list of inuyasha characters	True
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	did you want to know what the most popular cell phones are	False
Tell me more about USA tax for annuity	do you want to know about companies that provide indexed annuities	True
Find information about the wall	would you like to know the rules of the wall game show	True
butter and margarine	would you like to know the differences between butter and margarine	True
how to build a fence?	are you looking for directions to bellevue	False
What are characteristics of Uranus	do you want to know the size of the planet	True
tell me about wilson antenna	do you have a specific purpose for the antenna	True
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	are you looking for some medication	False
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	what aspect of website desgin hosting are you interested in	True
I'm interested in mothers day songs	do you have an artist that you want to hear in mothers day songs	True
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	how much are you willing to spend monthly for hosting	True
Find information on Porterville.	are you interested in schools in poterville	True
Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	do you need their homepage	True
Info on dog heat?	do you want an acronym meanining for avp	False
Tell me about Bellevue.	what items are you interested in flushing down the toilet	False
Tell me about avp	do you want a spell check for avp	True
Tell me about source of the nile	what would you like to know about rock and gem shows	False
How to prepare for the GMAT?	are you looking for reviews of gmat prep classes	True
What are specific dangers of asbestos?	are you looking for djs in your area	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	are you planning to run or exercise	False
Tell me more about USA tax for annuity	would you like reasons not to invest in an indexed annuity	True
Find information about the sun.	are you interested in the suns temperature	True
I'm interested in InuYasha	what types of ps 2 games do you like to play	False
What are specific dangers of asbestos?	do you need recommendations for djs	False
How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	are you looking for netflix	False
Find information on French Lick Resort and Casino.	should i provide you with the contact information for french lick resort and casino	True
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	are you referring to the machine or person	False
Tell me information about a sore throat.	do you need the address of the indiana state fairgrounds	False
I’m looking for information on worm	do you need korean language classes	False
Which gps receiver I should buy	are you trying to rent at a disneyland hotel	False
Find information about Mitchell College.	do you want a spell check for avp	False
Find information about Mitchell College.	are you looking for information on mitchell college in connecticut	True
Tell me about american military university.	are you wanting to know its location	True
Find sewing instructions for me	would you like to learn basics for sewing	True
who invented music	do you want the name of one person	True
Info on dog heat?	would you like to know how to care for your dog during heat	True
What is yahoo	are you looking for specific fanrelated information	False
Find information about the sun.	are you looking for the news paper the sun	True
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	do you need requirements for food stamps in iowa	False
Tell about an adobe indian house?	are you looking for pictures of adobe indian houses	True
tell me about idaho state flower	do you want to know how to take care of it	True
tell me about cass county missouri	is there any important documents youre trying to access	True
Find me information about PVC	are you looking for methods on how to repair leaks in pvc pipe	True
I'm interested in InuYasha	are you referrring how to get organized	False
What is yahoo	how much do you need to lower your heart rate	False
I am looking for sources of used car parts.	do you want to recycle used car parts	True
Find me information about PVC	are you looking to buy pvc pipe	True
Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	regarding food stamps in iowa are you looking for eligibility information	True
I'm interested in mothers day songs	are you interested in remembrance songs	True
TV on computer	would you like to learn more about how to exercise with the bowflex power pro	False
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	are you looking for a specific web site	True
What is martha stewart and imclone?	do you want information about which sports espn covers	False
What is Fickle Creek Farm	are you interested in jobs at mayo clinic jacksonville fl	False
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	would you like to buy semi truck	False
Tell me about vines for shade.	which martha stewart and imclone television show episdoe are you looking for	False
How to get organised?	what area of your home would you like to organize	True
I'm interested in InuYasha	are you referring to playstation 2 games	False
tell me about wilson antenna	which type of antenna are you interested in	True
How should I use the septic system design	are you looking for the cost	True
What can I do in sherwood regional library	are you looking for a specific web site	False
Tell me about weather stripping	are you looking for black history books	False
What are signs of a heartattack?	what area of the country do you live in	False
Tell me more about HP mini 2140	do you want a phone number	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	are you looking for a specific web page	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	do you want to know the most famous person from arkansas	False
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	would you like information on arizona wildlife	True
Where can I find cheap internet	are you wondering who used cheap internet	True
Tell me about cell phones.	do you want to adopt dogs for free	False
What is yahoo	would you like to know more about the inuyasha illustrator and writer	False
How can I adopt a dog	what location would you like to search for dogs in	True
What is martha stewart and imclone?	do you want to know about special events on espn	False
How should I use the septic system design	are you looking for attractions near porterville	False
How to prepare for the GMAT?	are you looking to purchase or repair a unit	False
Information about raffles	where would you like your raffle to take place	True
How should I use the septic system design	are you looking for the basics of septic system design	True
Tell me about avp	are you looking for the current president of the united states	False
Tell me about of Ralph Owen Brester.	may i tell you about brewsters parents where and when he was born	True
Give me information about Titan.	are you looking for the latest tennessee titans scores	True
Tell me about Pocono	would you like to book a flight to pocono couples retreat	True
I am looking for sources of used car parts.	are you interested in heavy trucks part	True
Is Kenmore heater good	are you looking for lab jobs	False
where can I buy a trombone?	is this tangible personal property tax just for you	False
tell me about UNC	are you interested in any specific activities at university of carolina	True
I need information about the University of Phoenix.	are you interested in comparing university of phoenix with other universities in any specific aspect	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	would you like to know what effects blood pressure and cholesterol	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	would you like to find exercises to lower your heart rate	False
What are specific dangers of asbestos?	do you have any type of asbestos in mind when you ask about the dangers of asbestos	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	are you looking for an online or inperson gmat prep class	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	how low would you like to lower your heart rate	False
Tell me about ps 2 games?	are you wanting to join a diabetes education gtoup	False
Find information on ontario california airport.	are you planning to take a trip on ontario or california	True
Where can I find cheap internet	are you wondering where cheap internet is	True
Find me information about the Last Supper painting.	would you like to purchase tickets to view the painting in milan	True
What is yahoo	are you interested in inuyasha wiki activity	False
Tell me more about satilies	are you inquiring about satellite tv	True
I need information on income tax return online	do you want to file your income tax online	True
I'm looking for information on hobby stores	are you looking for hobby stores located in maryland	True
Information about raffles	are you planning to organize a raffle for a specific event	True
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	are you asking about the dangers of asbestos siding	False
how to hire disc jockey	would you like to see some different exercises which can be done with this equipment	False
Tell me about cell phones.	what brand of cell phones are you interested in	True
I'm looking for information on recycling lead acid batteries	would you like a map of nearby locations where you can recycle lead acid batteries	True
What is California Franchise Tax Board	are you preparing to conduct an interview or go to an interview	False
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	are you looking for nearby medical practices that treat the condition	True
How do I get my free annual credit report?	do you want to know the population	False
I am looking for sources of used car parts.	do you want to sell used car parts	True
where can I buy a trombone?	what is the tax rate for the state you are in	False
Tell me about kansas city mo	are you interested in upcomming events in kasas city mo	True
Find information about penguins.	do you want to know about kennycaffey syndorme	False
Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	are you referring to pocono mountains	False
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	do you need stock price values for the company	True
tell me about ct jobs	do you want to know the average salary in this state	True
tell me about wilson antenna	where are you looking to mount the antenna	True
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	which part of volvo are you interested in	False
I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	do you want to know about the symptoms of lymphoma in dogs	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	how low would you like to lower your heart rate	False
Tell me information about a sore throat.	are you looking for homeopathic sore throat treatments	True
Tell me about atypical squamous cells	would you like to know if there is a cure	True
what is the best long term care insurance	what is your price range	False
Tell me information about Volvo.	are you wanting writings by the pastor	False
Looking for information about the Orange County Convention Center	do you need a taxi	True
I'm looking for information on VLDL levels	would you like information about cholesterol reports	True
How to get organised?	are you interested in classic atari games or current atari games	False
map	what place do you want a map of	True
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	would you like to know irons atomic number or mass	False
Tell me about avp	are you looking for the first president ever	False
Find me information about the Ritz Carlton Lake Las Vegas.	do you want historical information on the ritz carlton lake las vegas	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you interested in knowing more about a computer worm	False
how to build a fence?	will this be a tall fence or short fence	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	are you referring to lymphoma in the eyes	False
how to hire disc jockey	are you looking to find a djs website	True
Tell me about Obama family tree.	would you like to know what movie star portrayed brewster in the movie the aviator and what award the movie star was nominated for the performance	False
Find information about elliptical trainer	how much would you like to pay for a dog	False
Tell me about avp	would you like information about the association of volleyball professionals	True
Tell me about source of the nile	are you interested in the origin of the nile	True
Tell me information about Volvo.	do you want to know how yahoo is performing as a business	False
Find information about elliptical trainer	are you referring to the machine or person	True
I'd like to learn about joints	are you looking for information on the purpose of joints	True
What is yahoo	are you interested in a certain inuyasha character	False
Tell me about black history.	are you interested in kansas city mo tourism	False
Give me air travel information.	do you want information on international travel or domestic travel	True
Where can I find cheap internet	are you looking for information on any specific internet technology	True
Info on dog heat?	do you want an acronym meanining for avp	False
How to change the toilet in the house	do you need need information related to unemployed services in michigan	False
Find information on ontario california airport.	would you like to hear nes about ontario california airport	True
What can I do in sherwood regional library	do you want to find a book	True
How to change the toilet in the house	do you want to listen to songs from the music man	False
what is the best long term care insurance	are you interested in the best priced long term care insurance or best coverage	True
tell me about evidence for evolution	what kind of medium do you want this information to be in	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	would you like to know why its important to lower your heart rate	True
tell me about iron	what salary range are you looking for	False
Find information on Porterville.	do you need information about medical services	True
I'm looking for information on dieting	how fast would you like to lose weight	True
Give me information on OCD.	are you looking for documentaries of people who live with ocd	True
Tell me about of Ralph Owen Brester.	would you like to know more about the gmat test	False
Tell me more on health clubs in Arkansas	would you like to know subsrition pricing to arkadelphia health club	True
tell me about iron	would you like to know information about iron fe	True
How to change the toilet in the house	do you need to know how to measure a toilet for installation	True
Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	would you like find out where you can play electronic skeet shoot	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	are you wanting writings by the pastor	True
tell me about idaho state flower	would you like to know what the idaho sate flower is	True
Find information about flushing.	would you like to see diagrams of how a toilet flushes	True
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	are looking for reviews on volvo xc90 suv	False
Give me espn sports information.	have you been to the poconos before	False
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	would you like to see the signs of a heart attack in women or in men	False
Tell me about kansas city mo	would you like to know about credit scores	False
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	what about an interview do you need help with	False
What is a 403b?	would you like to know more about a 403b retirement account	True
I’m looking for the music man.	are you looking to buy an antenna or read more about the antenna	False
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you referring to bellevue nebraska	True
Give me espn sports information.	do you want information about which sports espn covers	True
Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	do you want a map with driving directions	False
What is yahoo	how low would you like to lower your heart rate	False
Tell me about avp	are you looking for the stock symbol avp	True
Give me espn sports information.	do you want an espn sports schedule	True
What are signs of a heartattack?	what age group are you reffering to	True
Information about raffles	are you interested in raffles college of design	True
I’m looking for blue throated hummingbird	would you like to know where it originates from	True
I’m looking for the music man.	do you want to listen to songs from the music man	True
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	are you looking for a specific web site	True
I'm looking for flame designs	are you looking for flame design outline	True
I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	would you like hours for va dmv registration	False
Find me information on sat	do you need information about the san antonio international airport	True
Tell me more about HP mini 2140	do you need specific forms to fill out	False
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you looking for things to do in bellevue	True
I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	which state of lymphoma in dogs are you referring to	True
Tell me more about HP mini 2140	do you need any specific information about pnl	False
When can I see Churchil Downs	are you wondering where churchill downs is	True
Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	would you like to see the retailers selling it	True
Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	do you want to book a stay here	True
tell me about cass county missouri	which part of cass county are you referring to	True
Tell me information about Volvo.	are looking for reviews on volvo xc90 suv	True
Where can I find cheap internet	are you wondering who used cheap internet	True
Find information on hip fractures	do you plan to sign up for coverage online	False
Tell me about Barbados.	do you need treatment information for lipoma	False
How do I get my free annual credit report?	are you interested in learning how to read your credit report	True
Tell me about Neil Young.	i can show you his songs lyrics would that be okay	True
how to hire disc jockey	do you want to know the price to hire a dj	True
Where can I buy pressure washers?	are you wondering what a pressure washer is	True
I'm looking for information on hobby stores	is this a hobby for an adult	True
Find me information on sat	do you need any specific information about sat grades	True
Find information about penguins.	would you like to know the penguins schedule	True
tell me about cass county missouri	do you want to know about the crime rate in cass county missouri	True
What is California Franchise Tax Board	would you like a list of common interview questions	False
Tell me about vines for shade.	would you like to know what more about the history of martha stewart and imclone	False
Tell me about Neil Young.	do you want information on his death	True
Which gps receiver I should buy	are you looking for specific products related to toilets	False
how to hire disc jockey	are you interested in where the bowflex power pro is produced	False
Tell me about source of the nile	are you looking for information about upcoming rock and gem shows	False
What are the best recepies for grilling	do you want to know about grilling meat	True
Tell me about er television show.	are you looking for a list of er actors	True
What should I know about the civil war	are you looking for a union victory	True
I’m looking for information on worm	are you looking for korean language symbols	False
Tell me about weather stripping	would you like to know where to buy weather strips	True
Tell me about vines for shade.	are you interested in something specific about martha stewart and imclone	False
Tell me more about USA tax for annuity	do you know what an indexed annuity is	True
figs	do you want to know about alternatives to a septic system	False
Find information about Mitchell College.	do you want to know about a management position	False
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	would you like to know how butter and margarine affect the food you eat	False
Is Kenmore heater good	is there any specific information that you would like to know about employment requirements at pnl	False
Find me information about the Last Supper painting.	what aspect of the last supper painting are you interested in	True
map	are you looking for a particular artist	False
What are signs of a heartattack?	would you like to know how to prevent these signs	True
I'm looking for information on hurricane Irene flooding in manville nj	do you want to know the timeline of flooding in manville nj because of hurricane irene	True
Tell me about avp	are you looking for the stock symbol avp	True
Find information about penguins.	are you looking for some photos	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	would you like directions to flushing new york	False
Give me information about Titan.	would you like to see the a specific titan	True
I’m looking for the music man.	which type of antenna are you interested in	False
Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	what do you need to know about equal opportunity employment	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	would you like to know what effects blood pressure and cholesterol	False
I'm looking for information on VLDL levels	would you like to see charts about vldl levels	True
I'm interested in InuYasha	which ps 2 game franchises are you interested in	False
Find information about penguins.	are you looking for companies to build a fence for you	False
Tell me about ps 2 games?	would you like to compare specific ps 2 games	True
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	do you want the location of the indiana state fairgrounds	True
Find information about the secret garden.	what model of wilson antenna are you inquiring about	False
Find information about penguins.	would you like to buy a book about this topic	True
I am looking for sources of used car parts.	are you looking for a specific web site	True
I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	do you want to know the average annual salary for paralegals	True
how to build a fence?	do you need information about bellevue nebraska	False
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	do you want to know about indoor or outdoor grilling	False
tell me about wilson antenna	what model of wilson antenna are you inquiring about	True
Tell me about kansas city mo	are you looking for an apartment in kansas city mo	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	would you like to know what effects blood pressure and cholesterol	True
What is Fickle Creek Farm	are you interested in jobs at mayo clinic jacksonville fl	False
How to use wiki?	would you like information about creating a wiki	True
Let's see frank lloyd wright biography	do you want to see a list of frank lloyd wrights most famouss works	True
Tell me about Barbados.	are you interested in facts about barbados	True
How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	would you like a list of common interview questions	True
Give me espn sports information.	what kind of place would you like to stay at in the poconos	False
how to build a fence?	are you looking for directions to bellevue	False
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	which president are you looking for	True
Where can I find information about forearm pain?	does your forearm hurt from twisting	True
Tell me more about satilies	are you looking for a specific kind of maps and images	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	do you need any specific information on obama inauguration	True
What are signs of a heartattack?	do you want to know about the signs based on any specific demographics	True
Tell me about designer dog breeds.	do you want to know what are cosidered designer dog breeds	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	would you like to know what distinguishes gmat from gre	True
I’m looking for blue throated hummingbird	do you want to know what they look like	True
I need information on income tax return online	may i provide you medical definition of premature ventricular contractions	False
Find information about the gs pay rate	do you need any specific information in relation with the federal wage system	True
I need information on income tax return online	do you want to file your income tax online	True
How to change the toilet in the house	are you looking for the script for the music man	False
Tell me information about Volvo.	what year of volvo do you need information about	True
Find information about the gs pay rate	are you interested in where they grow	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	how much do you need to lower your heart rate	False
How do I get my free annual credit report?	would you want to know what is in a credit report	True
Tell me about weather stripping	would you like to purchase a weather stripping product	True
Find information about the gs pay rate	are you interested in where they grow	False
Tell me information about a sore throat.	are you wanting to know the illnesses that list sore throat as a symptom	True
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	are you looking for requirements to become a food assistance	False
tell me about uss yorktown charleston SC	what things to do and see are you interested in	True
Information about east ridge high school.	are you searching for east ridge high school located in clermont fl	True
tell me about wilson antenna	do you have questions about the wilson antenna warrenty	True
What is yahoo	are you looking for any specific pictures	False
How do you tie a Windsor knot?	would you like to know ways to tie a tie	True
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	are you interested in where the bowflex power pro is produced	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	how low would you like to lower your heart rate	True
Find me information about diabetes education	how much data do you need stored	False
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	do you want to know the cost of lipoma removal	True
tell me about ct jobs	is there any specific web page on your mind	True
What should I know about the civil war	are you looking for large battles	True
Which gps receiver I should buy	are you interested in how gps was orginally made	True
Find information about tornadoes	are you wondering how to spot a tornado	True
tell me about ct jobs	are you looking for any legal information	True
I'd like to learn about joints	what specific joint are you interested in	True
What are specific dangers of asbestos?	what kind of information are you looking for news or research on the dangers of asbestos	True
I'm interested in InuYasha	what area of your home would you like to organize	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	how low would you like to lower your heart rate	False
I'm looking for flame designs	do you want realistic or cartoonish designs	True
Find information about the secret garden.	is the secret garden a book you are interested in	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	are you planning to run or exercise	False
What is a 403b?	what year do you want to begin contributing 403b	True
map	are you looking for a world atlas	True
tell me about UNC	would you like to learn about unc sports	True
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	would you like to know how iron is mined	False
How can I view my internet history?	which days history did you want to see	True
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	are you looking for an interview preparation guide	False
butter and margarine	would you like to know how butter and margarine are used in recipes	True
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	would you like to know how butter and margarine are used in recipes	False
how to build a fence?	are you keeping people out or animals in	True
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	which president are you looking for	True
Find information about penguins.	is there a specific material it needs to be made from wood cement tin	False
tell me about mgb	are you looking for more information about mgb	True
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	what aspect of website desgin hosting are you interested in	True
What is yahoo	are you looking for specific fanrelated information	False
How to get organised?	would you like to play atari arcade games online	False
Tell me about of Ralph Owen Brester.	would you like to know what political party ralph owen brewster was affiliated with	True
How to change the toilet in the house	are you interested in the music man	False
Give me espn sports information.	do you want to know when espn started	True
Find information about the gs pay rate	would you like to see some pictures of it	False
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	are you referring to the arizona state wildlife department	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	do you want to know a list of top gmat prep classes	True
Info on dog heat?	are you looking for any specific heatrelated illness in dogs	True
I'm interested in InuYasha	how would you like to watch inuyasha episodes	True
Tell me about fybromyalgia	are you looking for any specific support group in relation to fybromyalgia	True
I'm looking for keyboard reviews	would you like to know reviews for the best electronic keyboard	True
Tell me about weather stripping	are you interested in black celebrities	False
Tell me about Pocono	is there any specific information that you need about online courses held by university of phoenix	False
What is yahoo	would you like to see inuyasha manga	False
Tell me information about computer programming.	are you interested in the history of computer programming	True
Tell me about Barbados.	are you interested in barbados ecology	True
Tell me about avp	are you referring to a software	True
how to hire disc jockey	are you looking for djs	True
Tell me more about HP mini 2140	do you want to know the price of hp mini 2140	True
What are signs of a heartattack?	do you want to know famous black people	False
I need information on income tax return online	would you like to know what pvc is made of	False
Information about bobcat	are you interested in the evolution of bobcats	True
who invented music	do you want to know what kind of music was the first	True
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	are you looking for medicines to treat a sore throat	False
Tell me more about satilies	are you looking for a specific kind of maps and images	True
How to change the toilet in the house	would you like to know about different types of toilets	True
How should I use the septic system design	do you want the history of porterville	False
Find me information about the sales tax in Illinois.	what classification would you like to know the tax rate for	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	are you referring to malignant lipolysis	True
Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	do you want to know about special events on espn	False
What is California Franchise Tax Board	what about an interview do you need help with	False
What is Fickle Creek Farm	is this an emergency	False
Tell me about Korean language.	are you looking for a dictionary	True
What is yahoo	would you like to watch an inuyasha movie	False
I'm looking for information on duchess county tourism	do you have map apps on your phone	False
I'm interested in InuYasha	which episodes of inuyasha would you like to see	True
Which gps receiver I should buy	are you looking for instructions on how to use your gps device	True
What is yahoo	have you talked to your doctor about heart rate	False
Tell me about black history.	are you interested in black history	True
Find me information on sat	do you need information about the san antonio international airport	True
Find Brooks Brothers clearance.	do you need to find a brooks brothers location	True
tell me about UNC	which unc are you interested in	True
Tell me about kansas city mo	are you interested in upcomming events in kasas city mo	True
Tell me about Pocono	what would you like to learn about the poconos	True
I’m interested in old coins	is there a specific type of coin that interests you	True
Information about east ridge high school.	are you searching for east ridge high school located in clermont fl	True
tell me about iron	what type of accomodations are you looking for	False
Take me to the current.	are you looking for historical information about the indiana state fairgrounds	False
Where can I find information about forearm pain?	do you have forearm pain when extending your arm	True
tell me about iron	do you want to know the average salary in this state	False
Information about bobcat	would you like to know the countries in which bobcats are found	True
Where can I buy pressure washers?	do you want a pressure washer with a certain engine	True
How should I use the septic system design	are you interested in a tank design or one that dumps into open water	True
Tell me about of Ralph Owen Brester.	are you looking for an online or inperson gmat prep class	False
Find sewing instructions for me	using needle and thread or a sewing machine	True
Find me information about diabetes education	do you want to compare prices for website hosting and design	False
How can I lower my heart rate?	how much do you need to lower your heart rate	True
Give me air travel information.	are you interested in the history of air travel	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	would you like to know why its important to lower your heart rate	False
What is von Willebrand Disease?	do you want to know about the cause of von willebrand disease	True
all men are created equal	which use of that quote are you interested in	True
what are continental plates	are you looking for a map of continental plates	True
Tell me about cell phones.	are you looking for cell phones for kids	True
What is yahoo	are you interested in inuyasha cosplay	False
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	are you interested in any specific events here	True
Tell me about Barbados.	would you like to know more about animals that present lipomas	False
Give me air travel information.	would you like to book a flight	True
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	would you like to see reviews for website hosting and design companies	True
What can I do in sherwood regional library	do you want to know if this is the company martha stewart went to jail for	False
Find me information about the sales tax in Illinois.	do you want to read articles about the tax rate or know the tax rate percentage	True
Tell me about er television show.	do you want to watch er tv show	True
Find information on raised gardens.	do you need instructions on how best products to use for growth	True
Where can I find cheap internet	are you looking to buy cheap internet	True
Tell me about ron howard.	would you like to know how many movies ron howard has directed	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	do you want to know about the nearest town named bellevue	True
Find information about the secret garden.	are you interested in gardening	True
I'm interested in InuYasha	are you looking for specific fanrelated information	True
figs	would you like to know the climate figs are found in	True
Find condos in Florida.	are you looking for a specific price range	True
Tell me about cell phones.	would you like to read some reviews	False
tell me about iron	woud you like a list of items made from iron	True
map	would you like a map with services or sites of interest listed	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	are you seeing if rick warren is still alive	True
Find information about the wall	are you referring to the wall proposed by donald trump or the wall by pink floyd	True
Find information about the secret garden.	would you like to buy stencils online	False
I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	do you need help finding a vet that treats lymphoma in dogs	True
Is Kenmore heater good	would you like to know the size of this product	True
Find me information on sat	do you want to know the date for this saturday	True
figs	are you interested in a tank design or one that dumps into open water	False
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	do you want to buy some parts for this equipment	True
Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	would you like to see a ground map showing the uplift of yellowstone national park	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	do you want to know about the symptoms of lymphoma in dogs	False
tell me about ct jobs	will this be used as a animal pen	False
Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	are you looking for a hotel inside disneyland	True
what is the best long term care insurance	are you interested in more information on the best long term care insurance	True
Find information on Porterville.	would like to know about any specific sports team	True
Tell me about Korean language.	are you interested in ways to reduce vldl levels	False
Find information about atari	are you interested in classic atari games or current atari games	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	do you know someone named rick warren	True
How should I use the septic system design	are you looking for attractions near porterville	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	are you trying to find more information about rick warren	True
Tell me about cell phones.	are you trying to rent at a disneyland hotel	False
How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	would you like to see news about culpeper national cemetary	False
Tell me about source of the nile	do you need product information	False
Find information about penguins.	are you looking for bellevue baptist church	False
tell me about tangible personal property tax	are you looking for information on a specific league	False
Tell me information about a sore throat.	do you want the location of the indiana state fairgrounds	False
Tell me more on health clubs in Arkansas	would you like to be friends on facebook with arkadelphia health club	True
I'm looking for information on duchess county tourism	what place do you want a map of	False
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	are you located in jacksonville fl	True
Tell me about Obama family tree.	do you need addresses	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	are you trying to find more information about rick warren	True
How can I quick smoking	are you looking for doctors that can help you quit smoking	True
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	are you trying to compare android to ios	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	what would you like to know about yahoo	False
Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	are you looking for a specific web site	True
Tell me about kansas city mo	are you interested in any specific activities at university of carolina	False
Give me information about Titan.	are you looking to get more information about titan machinery	True
Find me information about the sales tax in Illinois.	may i tell you how much the state income tax in illinois is	True
how to hire disc jockey	do you want to know the size of culpeper national cemetery	False
What is martha stewart and imclone?	do you wnat sports scores	False
discovery channel store	are you interested in learning about a presidents power	False
What is yahoo	would you like to know more about the inuyasha illustrator and writer	False
Information about raffles	are you trying to look up the results of a raffle in your area	True
Tell me more about HP mini 2140	are you trying to know the warranty period of hp mini 2140	True
Find information on Porterville.	are you looking for a specific web site	False
Give me espn sports information.	do you wnat sports scores	True
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	are you looking for any specific facilities	True
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	do you need information on the speeds available in your area	True
Tell me about Pocono	are you looking for any specific faculty member of university of phoenix	False
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	are you referring of the dangers of asbestos in new or old houses	False
What is martha stewart and imclone?	are you interested in what the the company imclone does	True
I need information about the University of Phoenix.	are you looking to move here	False
How can I lower my heart rate?	are you looking for specific fanrelated information	False
How to change the toilet in the house	are you trying to find videos about the music man	False
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you looking for a hospital in new york ny	True
figs	are you looking for septic system design software	False
What are specific dangers of asbestos?	do you want to know whether living in a home with asbestos insulation can cause people to become sick	True
Find information about penguins.	are you looking for the university the bellevue	False
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	are you looking for the magazine the grilling	False
Tell me about Barbados.	would you like the latest news of barbados	True
What is Fickle Creek Farm	would you like to know about brewsters college education degree and work history	False
Tell me information about Volvo.	are you referring to the pastor	False
Tell me about Korean language.	are you interested in the history of the korean language	True
What to do in Arkansas	do you want to go to arkansas	True
I'd like to learn about joints	would you like to know about woodworking	True
Tell me about avp	would you like stock information for avon products incorporated	True
Tell me more on Kansas city railroad	are you interested in the computer game worms	False
How to change the toilet in the house	are you trying to find specific toilet parts	True
Give me espn sports information.	do you want an espn sports schedule	True
What is a 403b?	are you looking for withdrawal rules for 403b plan	True
I’m looking for the music man.	do you want to know the cast of the music man	True
Looking for information about the Orange County Convention Center	do you want to know the events going on here	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	are you looking for a grill for grilling food	True
Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	what kind of pictures are you looking for	False
I'm looking for a wedding budget calculator	would you like to see articles about wedding budgeting	True
tell me about tangible personal property tax	would you like to find out how much you owe	True
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	are you looking for a specific web site	False
figs	would you like to see a list of different kind of figs with images	True
Find information on ontario california airport.	do you need a map of the area would you like the website address	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	do you need a map of arkansas	False
What to do in Arkansas	do you need to know the next arkansas game time	True
Tell me about hotels in New York.	are you looking for a chain or botique hotel	True
tell me about tangible personal property tax	do you want to know the difference between that and other taxes	True
Tell me information about Volvo.	are you interested in the size of the company	True
Find information about penguins.	are you looking for companies to build a fence for you	False
butter and margarine	are you looking for a world atlas	False
Find information about the secret garden.	do you want black and white or colored designs	False
Find information about penguins.	do you want to hear pittsburgh penguin news	True
Find information about elliptical trainer	would you like to know how gps works	False
How to register dmv in va?	are you interested in organ donation information	True
What is yahoo	which inuyasha characters are you interested in	False
Give me information about Titan.	are you interested in a specific titan	True
Find information about Mitchell College.	do you want an acronym meanining for avp	False
figs	are you interested in figs health benefits	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	would you like to see the most effective methods of gmat prep	True
Find information about penguins.	do you want to watch funny penguin videos	True
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	regarding food stamps in iowa are you looking for eligibility information	False
Give me information about Titan.	would you like to see the a specific titan	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	would you like to find foods that will lower your heart rate	False
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	do you need information about voip phone services	True
What is martha stewart and imclone?	which martha stewart and imclone television show episdoe are you looking for	True
Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	what kind of pictures are you looking for	False
Tell me about ps 2 games?	is the ps 2 games for a child or an adult	True
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	do you want to know more about the grilling process	False
Tell me information about Volvo.	are you referring to the pastor	False
tell me about wilson antenna	what do you want to use the antenna for	True
tell me about idaho state flower	do youwant to know what year idaho declared a state flower	True
Find information about Mitchell College.	should i request an application to mitchell college	True
Tell me information about Volvo.	is your volvo having a maintenance issue	True
I'm looking for a wedding budget calculator	do you need this information for any specific part of your ceremony	True
Information about bobcat	would you like to know the location of the headquarters of the company bobcat	True
Give me espn sports information.	do you want to know who owns espn	True
Find information about penguins.	are you looking for places to buy fencebuilding materials	False
What to do in Arkansas	do you want to know the most famous person from arkansas	True
Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	do you want to book a stay here	True
How should I use the septic system design	are you looking to move here	False
Tell me about Neil Young.	are you interested in neil youngs history	True
I need information on income tax return online	do you want to know how to make ballet bars out of pvc	False
What is California Franchise Tax Board	do you want to know the address	True
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	are you interested in history of presidents	True
Information about east ridge high school.	what information about east ridge high school are you looking for	True
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	are you looking for regulations related to your search	True
What is martha stewart and imclone?	are you seeking to watch martha stewart and imclone	True
Tell me about Afganistan.	do you want to know about the wars fought in afghanistan	True
I'm looking for flame designs	would you like to know if spaying would stop the heat of a female dog	False
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	are you looking for research papers	True
Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	what would you like to learn about the poconos	False
Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	what is the doctors name at this facility that you want	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	do you have any medical conditions	True
Tell me about Obama family tree.	are you looking for employment with sonoma country medical	False
Tell me about kansas city mo	would you like to see a listing for hotels in kansas city	True
Find information about flushing.	are you looking for books on the korean language	False
Tell me about cell phones.	are you trying to compare android to ios	True
Tell me about vines for shade.	do you want to know if this is the company marthat stewart was given insider trading information	False
Find information on raised gardens.	do you need information in different types that can be made	True
What is martha stewart and imclone?	are you seeking to watch martha stewart and imclone	True
Find information about flushing.	do you want to know why your face is flushing	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	have you talked to your doctor about heart rate	False
I'm looking for information on hobby stores	why type of hobby arts and crafts or sports	True
How should I use the septic system design	would you like to see arizona hunting trip information	False
Tell me more about Hawain volcanos	are you interested in knowng the earthquake intensities recorded by the hawaiian volcano observatories	True
i will survive lyrics	are you referring to the song i will survive	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	would you like to watch an inuyasha movie	False
Information about east ridge high school.	are you seaching for east ridge high school community education	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you looking for information on the life cycle of worms	False
tell me about mgb	are you looking for how to use mgb	True
What is Fickle Creek Farm	are you interested in jobs at mayo clinic jacksonville fl	False
What is California Franchise Tax Board	are you looking for legal forms	True
Find information about penguins.	are you interested in penguin vape	True
Tell me about kansas city mo	would you want to know credit report scores	False
What is yahoo	would you like to know why its important to lower your heart rate	False
How to get organised?	do you want to purchase an atari game	False
What can I do in sherwood regional library	do you want to call	True
What should I know about the civil war	are you looking for a specific movie	True
I need information on income tax return online	would you like to learn more about pvc pipes and fittings	False
Is Kenmore heater good	would you like to know the size of this product	True
I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	do you need details on where jax chemical company is	True
Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	what information would you like in regards to an equal opportunity employer	False
How to change the toilet in the house	are you looking for showtimes for the music man	False
Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	do you want to know what electronic skeet shoot is	True
Tell me about kids earth day activities	are you interested in easy earth day activities	True
I'm looking for information on dieting	are you interested in reading more about the health benefits of dieting	True
I'm interested in mothers day songs	would you like to know about specific artists related to mothers day	True
What are specific dangers of asbestos?	are you interested in the levels of dangers associated with asbsestos	True
Child support in Indiana?	are you interested in indiana child support	True
Tell me about source of the nile	do you want to see the nearest rock and gem shows	False
What are the best recepies for grilling	do you want to know about indoor or outdoor grilling	True
Is Kenmore heater good	are you looking to purchase or repair a unit	True
How to change the toilet in the house	are you looking for the script for the music man	False
What is yahoo	which episodes of inuyasha would you like to see	False
Find information on French Lick Resort and Casino.	would you like to see all listings for casinos in french lick	True
What is average charitable donation?	do you want to know how much a government officials average charitable donation is	True
I am looking for sources of used car parts.	do you want to obtain used car parts	True
Tell me about black history.	are you looking for black history figures	True
What are characteristics of Uranus	are there any specific details that you are trying to find out	True
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	are you wondering if there has been a recall notice	True
map	are you on a road trip	True
tell me about bart sf	are you looking for transit routes to walnut creek from bart sf	True
Tell me about of Ralph Owen Brester.	do you want to know the cost of a gmat prep class	False
how to build a fence?	are you looking for directions to bellevue	False
What are characteristics of Uranus	do you want to know the size of the planet	True
how to hire disc jockey	do you want to go to a djs website	True
I'm looking for a wedding budget calculator	are you looking for advice on wedding budgeting	True
Find information about the sun.	are you looking for how long it takes light from the sun to get to the earth	True
tell me about iron	do you need directions from your location to the uss yorktown	False
I'd like to learn about moths	are you really reffering to mothra	True
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	are you looking for any specific information on bowflex power pro	True
Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	are you interested in what services alexian brothers hospital offers	True
tell me about uss yorktown charleston SC	would you like the history of the uss yorktown or information on visiting it	True
Tell me about american military university.	do you need details on where jax chemical company is	False
Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	do you want a phone number to call	True
How can I adopt a dog	what breed of dogs are you looking for	True
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	are you looking for hunting guides	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	would you like to know if it is possible to weather strip a car	False
Find information about the gs pay rate	would you like the idaho state flower coloring page	False
I want to learn about rock art.	would you like to know anything specific about rock music	True
Give me espn sports information.	are you looking for information on a specific sport	True
Information about raffles	are you interested in aj raffles	True
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	are you interested in dnr stock	False
Find information about the wall	are you interested in hearing facts about the proposed border wall	True
Tell me about fybromyalgia	are you asking what year the company originated	False
Tell me about sonoma county medical services.	are you looking for specific program information	True
Find information about elliptical trainer	are you looking for information of a trainer vs a treadmill	True
How to use wiki?	what would you like to know about ward cunningham inventor of th wiki	True
I'm looking for keyboard reviews	are you looking for places to buy keyboards	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you looking for a hospital in new york ny	True
Tell me about folk remedies for a sore throat.	are you interested in historical medical treatment for sore throats	True
What is yahoo	would any specific game interest you	False
Tell me more about Rocky Mountain News	are you looking for information regarding the rocky mountain range	True
Find information about atari	are you interested in atari 2600	True
tell me about bart sf	are you looking for a map of the bart system	True
Find me information about diabetes education	are you interested in an online site for diabetes	True
How to cook pork tenderlion	would you like to see pork tenderloin recipes	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	do you want dietary recommendations	False
What is Fickle Creek Farm	would you like to know where fickle creek farm is on a map	True
tell me about ct jobs	are you keeping people out or animals in	False
Tell me about madam cj walker	would you like to see more early africanamerican entrepeneurs	True
What can I do in sherwood regional library	are you interested in a specific aspect of uplift at yellowstone national park	False
Tell me about black history.	are you interested in upcomming events in kasas city mo	False
Find information about penguins.	do you want to hear pittsburgh penguin news	True
Give me espn sports information.	are you interested in recipes you can make with figs fresh or dried	False
I am looking for sources of used car parts.	would you like to pick parts yourself from a salvage yard	True
Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	are you looking for kitchen furniture	True
Tell me about kansas city mo	are you interested in kansas city mo tourism	True
Find information about atari	are you looking for a suitable elliptical machine to use at home	False
Tell me more about satilies	do you want to know more about the technology behind satellites	True
What is California Franchise Tax Board	are you interested in interview thank you letters	False
Find information on Porterville.	do you want to know more about the grilling process	False
Find information about the gs pay rate	would you like to know about its apperance	False
Tell me more about satilies	are you inquiring about satellite tv	True
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	are you looking for some sample tests	False
what are the seven deadly sins	do you want to know more about the books proverbs and galatians in which the seven deadly sins are mentioned	True
How can one can become highway patrol	do you want to know if the tennessee highway patrol has reported any accidents	True
Give me information on OCD.	are you looking for a test to check for ocd	True
What is martha stewart and imclone?	do you want information about a specific espn sports program	False
How to change the toilet in the house	are you trying to fix your toilet	True
Information about bobcat	are you looking for a specific tractor model	True
Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	are you interested in the requirements for applying to the program or the poverty level limits	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	would you like to see inuyasha manga	False
tell me about wilson antenna	are you looking for wilson antenna parts	True
How can I adopt a dog	are you looking for toilet cleaners	False
What can I do in sherwood regional library	which martha stewart and imclone television show episdoe are you looking for	False
Tell me about Obama family tree.	how old is ralph owen brewseter	False
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	are you looking for a specific web site	True
discovery channel store	do you want to learn about our president	False
Find information about the secret garden.	what do you want to use the antenna for	False
Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	would you like to read some reviews	True
What is yahoo	would you like to know more about kagome higurashi	False
I’m looking for the music man.	are you looking for the script for the music man	True
I'm interested in InuYasha	would any specific game interest you	True
Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	what specific type of electronic skeet shoot are you interested in	True
Find information about flushing.	which battle would you like to learn about how the technique of flushing was used	True
How to change the toilet in the house	what division of michworks are you interested in	False
Tell me about vines for shade.	are you interested in martha stewarts role in the company	False
I'm looking for information on duchess county tourism	are you on a road trip	False
Is Kenmore heater good	what size are you looking for	True
I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	do you need info on jax chemical company	True
I'm looking for information on dieting	are you looking for dieting tips	True
I'm looking for a wedding budget calculator	did you want something online that does calculations for you	True
tell me about wilson antenna	would you like to know mitchell colleges acceptance rate	False
Find information about the sun.	are you interested in objects orbiting the sun	True
How to cook pork tenderlion	would you like to see pork tenderloin recipes	True
Find information on hip fractures	are you interested in treatments for hip fractures	True
Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	regarding food stamps in iowa are you looking for eligibility information	True
Find information about Mitchell College.	are you looking for mitchell colleges tuition rates	True
What is California Franchise Tax Board	would you like to know more information about writing a thank you email	False
Tell me information about a sore throat.	are you looking for symptoms of fibromyalgia	False
What are the best recepies for grilling	are you interested in grilling a specefic food	True
How to register dmv in va?	would you like to see the hours of the sherwood regional library	False
How to register dmv in va?	do you need the contact information for the sherwood regional library	False
Tell me more on Kansas city railroad	are you looking for the kcs academy	True
Find information about flushing.	do you need to apply for a federal tax return online	False
I’m looking for information on worm	do you want to learn where to purchase fishing bait	True
discovery channel store	are you looking for locations	True
Tell me information about a sore throat.	would you like to buy tickets for a specific event there	False
Which gps receiver I should buy	do you need directions somewhere	True
Find me information about PVC	is this in reference to plumbing or some other sort of plastic product	True
discovery channel store	are you needing store information	True
I'm looking for information on dieting	are you interested in reading more about the health benefits of dieting	True
tell me about UNC	do you need information on the speeds available in your area	False
I'm looking for flame designs	the history of flame design	True
tell me about wilson antenna	do you have questions about the wilson antenna warrenty	True
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	are you looking for butter and margarine comparison	False
Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	are you wondering where disneyland hotels are located	True
Tell me about Obama family tree.	would you like to know about obamas ancestors	True
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	do you want to know the size of the indiana state fairgrounds	True
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	would you like to buy supplements	False
How to prepare for the GMAT?	when do you want to take a gmat prep class	True
Find information on Porterville.	would like to know about any specific sports team	True
Give me information about Titan.	are you referring to the titans from titanfall	True
how to hire disc jockey	do you want to know how to use the bowflex power pro	False
Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	are you looking for standings of a specific sport	False
Tell me about er television show.	do you want to know who the main actor is in er tv show	True
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	are you interested in the requirements for applying to the program or the poverty level limits	False
I'm interested in InuYasha	are you looking for a specific web site	False
I'd like to learn about joints	are you experiencing joint issues	True
Find information about penguins.	are you referring to the move	True
Tell me about vines for shade.	do you want to know if this is the company martha stewart went to jail for	False
I'm interested in mothers day songs	what kind of information do you need about rock and gem shows	False
I'm looking for keyboard reviews	what brand of keyboards are you looking for	True
How to change the toilet in the house	are you looking for specific products related to toilets	True
Tell me about scooters.	are you looking to rent a scooter	True
Tell me more on health clubs in Arkansas	do you need the contact information for the sherwood regional library	False
I'm interested in mothers day songs	are you looking for a playlist of mothers days songs	True
Information about east ridge high school.	are you interested in selling or buying a trombone on ebay	False
I'm looking for information on dieting	how fast would you like to lose weight	True
How should I use the septic system design	are you looking for septic system design software	True
Give me espn sports information.	are you looking for recipes with figs	False
Find information about elliptical trainer	do you want stores selling elliptical trainer	True
Give me espn sports information.	what kind of place would you like to stay at in the poconos	False
Tell me about avp	are you referring to alien vs predator	True
Tell me information about Volvo.	do you need to contact yahoo	False
What is yahoo	are you interested in inuyasha cosplay	False
Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	would you like to know trending data or a timeline for the uplift at yellowstone national park	True
Tell me about american military university.	do you need the address of jax chemical company	False
What is yahoo	would you like to see inuyasha manga	False
Tell me about scooters.	there are some cool deals available shall i show them	True
What to do in Arkansas	are you interested in visiting barbados	False
What is equal opportunity employer?	are you looking for anything specific in terms of equal opportunity discrimination	True
Tell me about Obama family tree.	what would you like to know about obamas heritage	True
i will survive lyrics	are you searching for the chorus of i will survive	True
Tell me about source of the nile	would you like to place an order	False
Tell me more on health clubs in Arkansas	would you like to know the current rate	False
all men are created equal	would you like to learn more about thomas jefferson	True
What is von Willebrand Disease?	do you want to know about the cause of von willebrand disease	True
tell me about ct jobs	are you interested in the costs of building a fence	False
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	are you interested in purchasing it online	True
what is the best long term care insurance	do you think the best long term care insurance is right for you	True
I am looking for sources of used car parts.	are you looking for a specific web site	True
tell me about wilson antenna	are you looking to buy an antenna or read more about the antenna	True
Tell about an adobe indian house?	are you looking for pictures of adobe indian houses	True
What is California Franchise Tax Board	are you looking for legal forms	True
Tell me more about dnr	are you referring to the the department of natural resources in maryland	True
I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	do you want reviews of the hp mini 2140	False
Find information on ontario california airport.	would you like to hear nes about ontario california airport	True
What is yahoo	are you interested in inuyasha cosplay	False
I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	do you want to know colleges in your area where you can study to be a paralegal	True
tell me about cass county missouri	do you have travel plans	True
I'm looking for flame designs	what are you using the design for	True
What is yahoo	do you want to know about yahoo the company or yahoo the word	True
What should I know about the civil war	are you looking for the american civil war	True
How can I quick smoking	would you like to know about the benefits of quitting smoking	True
tell me about bart sf	are you looking for a specific web site	True
Where can I buy pressure washers?	are you looking to buy a pressure washer	True
Find information on French Lick Resort and Casino.	do you need directions to french lick resort and casino	True
I’m looking for the music man.	do you want to know the cast of the music man	True
What is Fickle Creek Farm	are you looking for information about staying at fickle creek farm	True
how to build a fence?	are you referring to bellevue iowa	False
I'm interested in poker tournaments	do you want to play in online poker tournaments	True
Is Kenmore heater good	are you looking to purchase or repair a unit	True
Find information about penguins.	are you looking for the college	False
I'm interested in InuYasha	are you referring to playstation 2 games	False
What is a 403b?	would you like to see the difference between a 403b and 401k account	True
Tell me about Afganistan.	would you like historical information about afghanistan	True
what are the popular jobs in Michigan	can we show you reviews of the original classic book the secret garden	False
Tell me more about Rocky Mountain News	are you specifically interested in the paper published in denver co	True
I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	are you looking for jobs in richland	False
Find information about the secret garden.	are you interested in gardening	True
TV on computer	do you want to know how to display your computer on a tv	True
I’m looking for the music man.	are you looking for lyrics from the songs from the music man	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you trying to find out what worms eat	False
I'd like to learn about moths	are you wondering where to find moths	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	would you like to watch an inuyasha movie	False
Info on dog heat?	is your dog acting strangely like they are in heat	True
Tell me about vanuatu	would you like to know more about the history behind the gs pay scale	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	do you have any medical conditions	False
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	what price range are you looking for	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	are you looking for the age of rick warren	True
what are continental plates	do you want to know how many continental plates there are	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	have you talked to your doctor about heart rate	False
what is the best long term care insurance	are you looking for a specific insurance company	True
I'm looking for universal animal cuts reviews	did you want to know if anyone near you has tried it	True
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	is there a medical condition that you are looking heal	True
How to use wiki?	is a rich text editor something you are familiar with	True
I need information on income tax return online	do you need to register to file your tax return online	True
What is martha stewart and imclone?	do you want to know who owns the company imclone	True
I’m interested in civil right movement	do you want to know who started the movement	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	are you looking for the magazine the grilling	True
What should I know about the civil war	are you looking for a specific movie	True
Tell me about vines for shade.	do you want to know who owns the company imclone	False
figs	would you like to know how it functions	False
I'm looking for information on hobby stores	do you want to know hours of operation	True
Find information about penguins.	are you using this around the yard	False
Find condos in Florida.	do you want to be on the beach	True
Tell me about er television show.	what type of information about the show do you need	True
Find information about elliptical trainer	would you like prices of elliptical trainer	True
how to hire disc jockey	is there a certain type of dj you are looking for	True
Where can I find cheap internet	are you looking for information on any specific internet technology	True
Find information about Mitchell College.	are you referring to the college in new london conneticut	True
Tell me information about Volvo.	what year of volvo do you need information about	True
Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	are you looking for a specific web site	True
Give me air travel information.	are you looking for more info on air travel in general or a specific flight	True
Tell me about Neil Young.	i can show you his songs lyrics would that be okay	True
What is yahoo	how much do you need to lower your heart rate	False
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	are you looking for the definition to lipoma	True
all men are created equal	would you like to learn about the origin of that quote	True
what are the seven deadly sins	do you want to know the meaning of the seven deadly sins	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	would you like to learn about weather stripping	False
Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	are you interesting in buying furniture	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	would you like to know about normal heart rate	False
I am looking for sources of used car parts.	do you want to obtain used car parts	True
Tell me about Pocono	would you like to know where figs grow	False
I’m looking for information on worm	are you looking for books on the korean language	False
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	are you looking for lipoma removal	True
Tell me more on health clubs in Arkansas	would you like the see the calendar of events	False
I'm looking for information on hobby stores	is this for a school craft or play	True
What is equal opportunity employer?	are you talking about the navel academy	False
Find me information about the Ritz Carlton Lake Las Vegas.	are you looking for the closest lake to the ritz carlton in las vegas	True
Info on dog heat?	would you like to know the symptoms of a dog in heat	True
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	are you requesting information about the dangers of asbestos or the symptoms of associated with asbestos exposure	False
discovery channel store	do you want to see the store catalogue	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	are you looking for gmat prep classes near you	True
Find information on hip fractures	do you need the cause of the injury	True
I’m interested in old coins	would you like information on the worth of coins	True
I'm interested in poker tournaments	do you want to know how poker tournaments are played	True
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	would you like to see an instruction manual	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	do you have high blood pressure	False
How can I lower my heart rate?	would you like to watch an inuyasha movie	False
I need information about the University of Phoenix.	are you looking for any specific faculty member of university of phoenix	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	how much do you need to lower your heart rate	False
TV on computer	do you want to find online tv streaming services	True
I'm interested in poker tournaments	are you looking for the world series of poker	True
tell me about iron	would you like to know irons atomic number or mass	True
Give me espn sports information.	are you interested in the fruit or are you looking for the clothing brand that sells scrubs	False
Find me information about PVC	what aspect of pvc are you interested in the manufacturing or the applications	True
what is the best long term care insurance	what area of the country do you live in	True
How can one can become highway patrol	are you curious about the employment opportunies at the tennesse highway patrol	True
tell me about UNC	would you like to know how internet phone service works	False
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	would you like to see information on fishing in arizona	True
I'm looking for information on dieting	would you like a list of area doctors that can give professional advice on dieting	True
Find me information on sat	do you want to register to take the sat test	True
How to change the toilet in the house	do you need help navigating the website	False
How can I adopt a dog	would you like a new toilet	False
Tell me about Afganistan.	would you like to know where afghanistan is on the map	True
Is Kenmore heater good	are you looking for research papers	False
Tell me more about Rocky Mountain News	would you like to read recent news about the rocky mountain news	True
Where can I find information about forearm pain?	does your forearm hurt from sports	True
Is Kenmore heater good	are you troubleshooting or trying to repair the unit	True
Tell me information about Volvo.	are you talking about the stock price of the giant	False
Tell me information about Volvo.	are you looking for a political debate	False
Where should I order dog clean-up bags	how many dog lean up bags were you wanting to purchase	True
Tell me more about satilies	what kind of satellite are you looking for	True
Info on dog heat?	are you referring to a software	False
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	what event do you want to attend at the fairgrounds	True
Find me information on sat	do you need sat study materials	True
I am looking for sources of used car parts.	would you like directions to the nearest parts store	True
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	do you want to know the cost of internet phone service	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	which ps 2 game genres are you interested in	False
tell me about idaho state flower	is there something you need to know about this condition	False
Tell me more about dnr	do you mean the department of natural resources	True
Tell me more about HP mini 2140	do you want to buy a hp mini 2140	True
Tell me about the sit and reach test.	do you need instructions to do the test	True
I'm looking for a wedding budget calculator	are you looking for advice on wedding budgeting	True
I need information about the University of Phoenix.	are you looking for a contact number for the city government	False
tell me about evidence for evolution	are you interested in the history of theories of evolution	True
I'm interested in InuYasha	are you looking for ps 2 games prices	False
What is yahoo	are you interested in the years inuyasha was shown in tv	False
What is Fickle Creek Farm	are you going to purchase anything there	True
tell me about bart sf	do you need to purchase a bart ticket	True
What is a 403b?	would you like to see resources for retirement investing	True
Child support in Indiana?	are you interested in a calculator for child support payments	True
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	are you interested in the size of the company	False
I’m looking for the music man.	in what country is the secret garden located	False
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	would you like to know more about the mayo clinic facilities and services	True
Tell me about kansas city mo	may i provide you a list of best credit reporting agencies	False
What are signs of a heartattack?	are you experiencing a heart attack	True
Find me information on sat	are you referring to saturday or the verb	True
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	woud you like a list of items made from iron	False
What is yahoo	are you interested in a specific season of inuyasha	False
How can I quick smoking	are you wondering if it is hard to quit smoking	True
tell me about iron	are you interested in knowing how iron is made	True
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	do you want to know a list of top gmat prep classes	False
Give me information about Titan.	do you want to know about the tennessee titans	True
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	are you interested in asnestos exposure	False
what are continental plates	are yoiu looking for information on plate tectonics	True
I'm interested in InuYasha	would you like to learn how to cheat in ps2 games	False
What is equal opportunity employer?	would you like to know if your company adheres to equal opportunity employment	True
What to do in Arkansas	would you like to read about colleges in arkansas	True
Let's see frank lloyd wright biography	would you like to know where frank lloyd wright did most of his work	True
Tell me more about Hawain volcanos	are you looking for activity summeries of the volcanoes that the hawaiian volcano observatories is currently watching	True
I'm looking for information on hobby stores	are you looking for coupons	True
Find information on ontario california airport.	would you like to book a flight at ontario california airport	True
Tell me about Pocono	have you been to the poconos before	True
Find information about flushing.	did you need clarification on your tax return	False
Give me information about Titan.	are you looking for the latest tennessee titans scores	True
Tell me about hotels in New York.	is there a specific hotel you are looking for	True
Tell me about Korean language.	are you interested in information about the difference between vldl and hdl levels	False
figs	are you interested in a pressure distributon design 2 feet of absorbant soil	False
Find information on raised gardens.	are you looking for any specific photos	True
Tell me information about computer programming.	are you interested in coding courses online	True
Give me espn sports information.	would you like to know where you can buy figs	False
Tell me information about computer programming.	are you interested in coding courses online	True
Tell me about vines for shade.	do you want to know where to buy vines for shade	True
Find information about the secret garden.	are you interested in educational reviews and essays about the secret garden for a homework assignment	True
Find information about tornadoes	are you looking for information on weather	True
Tell me about avp	are you looking for avp beach volleyball	True
Tell me about folk remedies for a sore throat.	do you want to learn about home health care when you have a sore throat	True
Tell me about texas border patrol.	do you want to know what their jurisdiction is	True
Find information about elliptical trainer	are you looking for gps accessories	False
all men are created equal	would you like to learn about the author of that quote	True
where can I buy a trombone?	do you want to know the tangible personal property tax	False
Information about east ridge high school.	would you like to see trombones for sale on amazon	False
I need information about the University of Phoenix.	are you looking for reviews of the university of phoenix	True
how to hire disc jockey	are you looking to find a djs website	True
How can one can become highway patrol	would you like me to contact them for you	True
I'm looking for keyboard reviews	do you want to know about built in keyboards	True
I'm interested in InuYasha	are you interested in the music from inuyasha	True
what is the best long term care insurance	what area of the country do you live in	True
I need information on income tax return online	are you looking to buy pvc pipe	False
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you looking for the university the bellevue	True
Find information about penguins.	do you want to know more about the bellevue washington local government	False
Tell me about avp	are you referring to a software	True
discovery channel store	are you needing store information	True
Find information on raised gardens.	is information needed on best ways to care for the garden once planted	True
Tell me information about computer programming.	are you interested in programming courses for children	True
figs	are you interested in figs health benefits	True
What is California Franchise Tax Board	do you want to know their hours of operation	True
tell me about rock and gem shows	would you like to know about rock and gem shows in washington	True
Is Kenmore heater good	would you like reviews on the kenmore gas water heater	True
I'm looking for information on dieting	do you want to know if dieting is safe	True
Tell me about Pocono	are you trying to find a contractor	False
Tell me about Korean language.	a total cholesterol of 180 to 200 mgdl 10 to 111 mmoll or less is considered best levels between 70 and 189 mgdl 39 and 105 mmoll are most often considered too high	False
What is yahoo	are you interested in a specific season of inuyasha	False
Information about raffles	are you interested in raffles college of design	True
Tell me about sonoma county medical services.	would you like the different services that are provided	True
Find information about the sun.	are you looking for how long it takes light from the sun to get to the earth	True
I need information about the University of Phoenix.	do you need information about medical services	False
What are specific dangers of asbestos?	are you looking for some statistics regarding the exposure of asbestos	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	would you like to know about normal heart rate	False
Find information about atari	would you like to see reviews on elliptical trainers	False
where can I buy a trombone?	would you like to see trombones for beginners	True
I need information about the University of Phoenix.	do you want to know the cost of attending the university of phoenix	True
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	would you like to see a price range for gmat prep classes	False
What are specific dangers of asbestos?	do you need recommendations for djs	False
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	are you referring to lymphoma in the mouth	False
Tell me information about Volvo.	are you wanting to see sermons by the pastor	False
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	where in specific in dutchess county were you curious about	False
How can I lower my heart rate?	are you interested in a specific season of inuyasha	False
Tell me about avp	are you looking for any specific information in relation to beach volleyball	True
discovery channel store	are you looking for a deadliest catch product	True
tell me about ct jobs	do you want to know who is hiring here	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	do you want to know about indoor or outdoor grilling	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	do you need to know the next arkansas game time	False
What are the best recepies for grilling	are you looking for a recipe for grilled fish	True
Tell me about source of the nile	is there any specific information about the river that would interest you	True
Find information about atari	would you like to see a list of atari games	True
How to get organised?	are you interested in atari 2600	False
Tell me about vines for shade.	are you interested in martha stewarts role in the company	False
What is yahoo	would you like to watch an inuyasha movie	False
How can I lower my heart rate?	do you have high blood pressure	True
Child support in Indiana?	do you want wording of child support laws	True
Tell me about madam cj walker	are you looking for sarah breedlove	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	are you trying to find more information about rick warren	True
Tell me about Neil Young.	which part of neil youngs life are you interested in	True
I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	are you looking to find out about the albums of the beatles	True
Tell me about kansas city mo	do you want to know how to obtain someones credit report	False
How to get organised?	do you want to purchase an atari game	False
Tell me about ps 2 games?	are you referring to playstation 2 games	True
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	are you interested in learning about a presidents power	True
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	would you like a list of common interview questions	False
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	do you need information about cell phone plans	False
Tell me about kansas city mo	are you interested in recent news headlines from kansas city mo	True
Tell about an adobe indian house?	are you looking for a tour of adobe indian houses	True
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	is there a specific internet company you need information on	True
I want to learn about rock art.	are you trying to make art rock	True
tell me about ct jobs	are you looking for ct jobs in your area	True
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	are you looking for an application on this topic	False
Find me information about the Last Supper painting.	woud you like to know about last supper reproductions	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	which symptoms do you believe you are experiencing	False
Find information about elliptical trainer	would you like a list of websites that show workouts for elliptical trainers	True
Find me information on sat	do you want to register to take the sat test	True
Tell me information about Volvo.	are you asking what year the company originated	True
Find me information about diabetes education	what are your requirments	False
Tell me information about Volvo.	are you referring to the insane person across the street	False
where to find morel mushrooms	what type of equipment do you have to look for them	True
Tell me about weather stripping	do you want to know about a specific person	False
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	did you want to know about the dutchess county tourism center	False
Find information about the wall	are you referring to the wall proposed by donald trump or the wall by pink floyd	True
Find information about elliptical trainer	would you like to know where you can buy a discounted or used elliptical trainer	True
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	are you looking for any specific facilities	True
discovery channel store	do you need a phone number	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	do you want to find out about the animal worm or a why a person is called a worm	False
I need information about the University of Phoenix.	are you looking for any specific faculty member of university of phoenix	True
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	do you need information on residential or business	True
tell me about iron	do you want to know how to craft tools made of iron	True
Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	what colors do you want to use	False
What is yahoo	would you like to know more about kagome higurashi	False
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	are you searching for an image for lipoma	True
Give me air travel information.	do you need to find out about airport weather delays	True
what is the best long term care insurance	would you like to know the age should to start buying best long term care insurance	True
butter and margarine	regarding food stamps in iowa are you looking for eligibility information	False
what is the best long term care insurance	would you like to buy a book on the best types of best long term insurances and learn more about it	True
tell me about ct jobs	are you interested in the common jobs in connecticut	True
How to change the toilet in the house	are you looking for the current performance of the music man	False
Find information about penguins.	are you looking for places to buy fencebuilding materials	False
What is average charitable donation?	are you looking for the average charitable donation by city state or county	True
How can I adopt a dog	should i search nearby stores for discounts on a toilet	False
When can I see Churchil Downs	are you looking for directions to churchill downs	True
Find information about atari	what are your requirments	False
Information about bobcat	would you like to know of any bobcats for sale	True
I'd like to learn about moths	do you need to see a picture of moth	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you interested in ways to fix problems flushing the toilet	False
who invented music	do you wish to know how music videos started	True
What can I do in sherwood regional library	are you looking for any specific information about the library	True
Where should I order dog clean-up bags	are you lokking for a place to purchace dog clean uo bags	True
Find information on raised gardens.	do you need instructions on how best products to use for growth	True
Find information about elliptical trainer	are you looking for a class for elliptical trainer	True
What can I do in sherwood regional library	would you like directions to the sherwood regional library	True
I'd like to learn about moths	do you need any specific information for controlling moths	True
Find information about atari	would you like to play atari arcade games online	True
Information about raffles	are you looking for a car raffles in your area	True
Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	would you like application information for the michegan works program	False
Find information on hip fractures	would you like to know if it is possible to weather strip a car	False
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you looking for a directions to the new york hall of science in flushing meadows corona park	False
I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	do you know anything about the law	True
Find information about the sun.	do you want to know how far the sun is away from different planets	True
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	do you need to know where you can purchase a grill	False
What is martha stewart and imclone?	are you looking for standings of a specific sport	False
Tell me about hotels in New York.	are you interested in a list of companies in which you can get credit reports	False
Tell me about Barbados.	are you interested in barbados	True
I'm looking for information on duchess county tourism	do you want themed maps	False
Tell me about avp	are you looking for a specific web site	True
Tell me about source of the nile	do you want to know about the source of the video game	True
What was electoral college 2008 results?	would you like a graph to be included with the results	True
Tell me about Pocono	are you interested in comparing university of phoenix with other universities in any specific aspect	False
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	would you like information about installing weather stripping	False
How to prepare for the GMAT?	are you looking for the instruction of the kenmore sears gas water heaters	False
tell me about rice?	do you want to know where rice originated	True
Find me information about diabetes education	is it for a blog or for online retail	False
What is martha stewart and imclone?	do you wnat sports scores	False
Tell me about Bellevue.	would you like to see notable residents of bellevue washington	True
Tell me about Barbados.	are you interested in facts about barbados	True
how to build a fence?	are you trying to build a specific kind of fence	True
How should I use the septic system design	are you looking for engineers in such field	True
how to hire disc jockey	is there a certain type of dj you are looking for	True
How can I quick smoking	are you looking for doctors that can help you quit smoking	True
How to change the toilet in the house	can i take you to the resource page at the michworks website	False
butter and margarine	are you looking for health facts of butter and mararine	True
How to change the toilet in the house	are you looking for a summary of the music man plot	False
how to hire disc jockey	would you like to know who are buried at culpeper national cemetery	False
Tell me about hotels in New York.	are you looking for reviews of hotels	True
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	are you looking for some sample tests	False
tell me about tangible personal property tax	do you have any dependents on your record	True
I'm looking for flame designs	are you looking for flame designs for a tattoo	True
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	do you need an event schedule for the indiana state fairgrounds	True
Tell me information about Volvo.	what year of volvo do you need information about	True
Tell me bio of george bush sr.	are you interested in what george bush srs policies were	True
Tell me information about a sore throat.	do you have pain on both sides of your throat	True
Tell about an adobe indian house?	are you going to purchase any specific product related to your search	True
Tell me about source of the nile	do you want to know where the nile is located	True
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	do you want to buy some parts for this equipment	True
Information about east ridge high school.	are you looking for any specific information about arkadelphia health club	False
Information about east ridge high school.	are you looking for information about the sports facilities at the school	True
Give me information about Titan.	are you looking for the computer part	True
I’m interested in civil right movement	do you want the history of the civil right movement	True
Find information about tornadoes	are you interested in how tornadoes are formed	True
Find information about atari	would you like to play atari arcade games online	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	do you need treatment information for lipoma	True
How to register dmv in va?	would you like the see the calendar of events	False
Find information about penguins.	are you looking for a specific web page	True
Tell me more about satilies	are you referring to the company called satellite industries inc	True
Give me information about tribe formerly living in alabama	are you interested in a specific tribe	True
Find information about the secret garden.	what model of wilson antenna are you inquiring about	False
Tell me information about computer programming.	are you looking for nearby coding classes	True
Tell me about madam cj walker	do you want to know what madam cj walker is famous for	True
How do I get my free annual credit report?	do you wish to know the climate of vanuatu	False
What to do in Arkansas	are you interested in barbados flag	False
I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	do you want to know the responsibilities of a paralegal	True
Find information about the secret garden.	would you like to know about where to purchase a wilson antenna	False
What is von Willebrand Disease?	are you looking for specific information about von willebrand disease	True
Find information about atari	do you want more information about the benefits of an elliptical trainer	False
Where can I find cheap internet	are you wondering which provider has the cheapest internet	True
What is California Franchise Tax Board	do you wish to do an entity search	True
I'm looking for a wedding budget calculator	what was the price range you were looking for	True
figs	are you interested in a tank design or one that dumps into open water	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	would you like to find exercises to lower your heart rate	False
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	is there a specific internet company you need information on	True
Give me information on OCD.	are you looking for documentaries of people who live with ocd	True
I need information on income tax return online	would you like to file your income tax return online	True
Tell me more about satilies	are you inquiring about satellite tv	True
to be or not to be that is the question	do you want to know where the quote came from	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	do you need to know the next arkansas game time	False
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	is this an emergency	True
Find information on Porterville.	do you want to know about grilling meat	False
How can I adopt a dog	would you like a new toilet	False
all men are created equal	would you like to know more about the author	True
Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	would you like to know the best way to clean a toilet	False
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you looking for the college	True
all men are created equal	would you like to know its interpretation by the us supreme court	True
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	do you want to know how a us president is elected	True
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	are you looking for a specific web site	True
How should I use the septic system design	would you like to see information on fishing in arizona	False
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	do you want to visit culpeper national cemetery	True
Find information about flushing.	would you like to see diagrams of how a toilet flushes	True
How do I get my free annual credit report?	do you need technical support related to your service	False
Tell me about sonoma county medical services.	is there a specific program you are looking for	True
Find information on Porterville.	are you looking for attractions near porterville	True
How to cook pork tenderlion	would you like to see the cooking temperature of pork tenderloin	True
Find information about tornadoes	are you wondering how to spot a tornado	True
How do I get my free annual credit report?	do you need information about voip phone services	False
what are the popular jobs in Michigan	are you looking for a specific job or the job search site	True
Find sewing instructions for me	would you like to know how to sew a dress	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	are you trying to find more information about rick warren	True
Tell me about black history.	are you interested in black celebrities	True
Tell me about Barbados.	would you like to know about david thompson	True
Is Kenmore heater good	is there a specific representative that you need contact information for	False
I'm interested in dinosaurs	are you interested in coloring books	True
map	would you like a map with services or sites of interest listed	True
Find information about the secret garden.	do you have questions about the wilson antenna warrenty	False
Tell me about weather stripping	are you looking for a specific event or activity	False
What is Fickle Creek Farm	do you want to know the animal population at fickle creek farm	True
Where should I order dog clean-up bags	would you like to know a location to find dog clean bags	True
I'm interested in InuYasha	which ps 2 game franchises are you interested in	False
Find information on hip fractures	do you want to know how to treat the injury	True
I'm looking for information on duchess county tourism	do you want a job in dutchess county	True
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	are you interested in the histroy behind it	False
Find information about the sun.	are you interested in the suns temperature	True
How to register dmv in va?	do you want to find a book	False
How can one can become highway patrol	are you curious about the employment opportunies at the tennesse highway patrol	True
what is the best long term care insurance	are you interested in getting a quote for coverage	True
What can I do in sherwood regional library	what makes people think the yellowstone volcano will erupt soon	False
Tell me information about Volvo.	do you want to know about yahoo the company or yahoo the word	False
I'm interested in poker tournaments	would you like a schedule of poker tournaments	True
Find me information about PVC	are you interested in a certain fitting for a pvc pipe	True
where to find morel mushrooms	are you a collector	True
tell me about wilson antenna	do you want black and white or colored designs	False
what are continental plates	which continental plates are you interested in	True
Tell me about ps 2 games?	are you interested in playing ps 2 games on other consoles such as playstation 3 and playstation 4	True
butter and margarine	do you study road maps	False
I'm interested in poker tournaments	where would you like to find poker tournaments	True
map	do you want a map of your local area	True
Tell me about Korean language.	do you wish to take a korean language test	True
Tell me about vanuatu	do you want to know the population	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	are you referring to the the department of natural resources in maryland	False
How can I quick smoking	are you looking for doctors that can help you quit smoking	True
Tell me more about dnr	are you interested in barbados	False
Find me information about the Last Supper painting.	do you want to know the location of the last supper painting	True
tell me about tangible personal property tax	would you like to know about yellowstones history of eruptions	False
How do I get my free annual credit report?	are you wanting a copy of your credit report	True
Find information about elliptical trainer	do you want more information about the benefits of an elliptical trainer	True
I'm looking for information on VLDL levels	would you like to take a survey on your cholesterol	True
What are specific dangers of asbestos?	are you looking for reviews of djs	False
Tell me about Barbados.	do you want to know the cost of lipoma removal	False
I'm interested in dinosaurs	are you looking for physical locations of dmv offices	False
What was electoral college 2008 results?	would you like to see the final electoral college results or the entire process	True
Tell me about sonoma county medical services.	is there a specific program you are looking for	True
Info on dog heat?	would you rather read some reviews about avp antivirus	False
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	are you interested in history of presidents	True
how to hire disc jockey	do you want to know the price to hire a dj	True
Tell me about avp	do you want to know about a management position	True
Find me reviews of the les Miserables.	would you like book reviews	True
tell me about bart sf	for what route are you seeking information	True
tell me about wilson antenna	are you looking to buy an antenna or read more about the antenna	True
tell me about idaho state flower	would you like to be hired by french lick casino and resort	False
What is martha stewart and imclone?	which martha stewart and imclone television show episdoe are you looking for	True
tell me about ct jobs	would you like to see penguins of madagascar	False
How can I lower my heart rate?	are you interested in playing ps 2 games on other consoles such as playstation 3 and playstation 4	False
How do you tie a Windsor knot?	are you looking for a video tutorial on how this is done	True
Tell me about Barbados.	would you like to know how far barbados is	True
How to change the toilet in the house	can i provide you information about frances hodgson burnett	False
Tell me about black history.	are you interested in black celebrities	True
tell me about ct jobs	do you want to know more about jobs in connecticut	True
butter and margarine	are you looking to use butter and margarine in baking	True
Give me air travel information.	would you like to know more about carryon luggage rules	True
Find information about the secret garden.	are you interested in the original classic book by frances hodges burnett	True
When can I see Churchil Downs	would you like to know the history of churchill downs	True
Tell me about cell phones.	are you trying to compare android to ios	True
Tell me about Korean language.	are you looking for nearby classes	True
tell me about UNC	which gs tax bracket are you looking for	False
What is yahoo	would you like to know more about the inuyasha illustrator and writer	False
Find information on Porterville.	are you looking for any specific venues in porterville	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	are you planning to run or exercise	False
I'm interested in dinosaurs	would you like hours for va dmv registration	False
What is a 403b?	would you like to see alternative retirement accounts	True
I’m looking for the music man.	would you like to know about where to purchase a wilson antenna	False
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	what exactly do you wanto to know about the dangers of asbestos	False
Find information about the secret garden.	what kind of media are you interested in there are many videos and still frames of the secret garden from its movies plays tv musical and opera productions	True
How to change the toilet in the house	do you want to know the cast of the music man	False
I want to learn about rock art.	do you wnat to decorate with rock art	True
I need information on income tax return online	would you like to know what pvc is made of	False
Tell me more on health clubs in Arkansas	are you trying to compare different fitness centers in arkadelphia ar	True
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	are you interested in where the bowflex power pro is produced	True
Tell me about Pocono	what major are you interested in	False
tell me about bart sf	are you looking for a specific web site	True
who invented music	are you interested in music streaming	True
How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	are you interested in example of thank you letters for interview	True
Tell me about kansas city mo	are you interested in any specific activities at university of carolina	False
how to hire disc jockey	would you like to know how to become a dj	True
TV on computer	do you want to know technical information about tv on computer	True
How to cook pork tenderlion	are you interested in a pork recipe	True
TV on computer	do you want to know how to use the bowflex power pro	False
Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	are you interested in what services alexian brothers hospital offers	True
I'm interested in InuYasha	are you interested in a specific season of inuyasha	True
Tell me bio of george bush sr.	are you interested in the 1992 presidential election george bush sr was part of	True
I'm looking for flame designs	are you looking for information on mitchell college in connecticut	False
I'm interested in InuYasha	would you like to know more about kagome higurashi	True
Tell me about american military university.	do you need to know who the ceo of jax chemical company is	False
Find information about Mitchell College.	are you looking for mitchell colleges tuition rates	True
What are characteristics of Uranus	are you wondering the temperature of uranus	True
all men are created equal	are you looking for declaration of independence at the national archives	True
I'd like to learn about moths	are you wondering where to find moths	True
Tell me information about a sore throat.	are you wondering what causes sore throat	True
Tell me about hotels in New York.	do you need a list of available new york hotels	True
How can I adopt a dog	what size is your toilet	False
Give me information on OCD.	are you interested in ocd medications	True
What is yahoo	have you talked to your doctor about heart rate	False
Tell me about Pocono	do you need contact information for the university of phoenix	False
I want to learn about rock art.	are you going to purchase any specific tools	True
tell me about idaho state flower	would you like to see some pictures of it	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you looking for information on the life cycle of worms	False
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	are you referring to a food stamp program that is current or a historical one	False
How to prepare for the GMAT?	are you looking for some sample tests	True
Tell me more about satilies	do you want to know about a satellite receivers or dishes	True
I'm interested in InuYasha	would you like to watch an inuyasha movie	True
tell me about tangible personal property tax	how much do you report for your income	True
What is yahoo	are you interested in the music from inuyasha	False
butter and margarine	are you looking for butter and margarine comparison	True
Tell me about Korean language.	are you looking for korean language symbols	True
I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	are you interested in law school	True
tell me about UNC	what part of unc do you want info on	True
I'm looking for a wedding budget calculator	are you interested in a service for wedding budgeting	True
Tell me about Korean language.	do you want to learn how to calculate your vldl levels	False
How to cook pork tenderlion	would you like to know where pork tenderloin comes from in a pig	True
I’m looking for the music man.	are you looking for the script for the music man	True
What to do in Arkansas	are you trying to locate the causes for lipoma	False
Find me information about the sales tax in Illinois.	are you looking for a specific form	True
I'd like to learn about moths	which type of moth are you looking for	True
what is the best long term care insurance	is there a specific neighborhood you are interested in	False
Tell me about american military university.	what degree in particular would you like to know more about from the american military unviersity	True
tell me about cass county missouri	would you like to know more about the city	True
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	is there a specific representative that you need contact information for	True
Find me information about diabetes education	would you like to see reviews for website hosting and design companies	False
Find me information about diabetes education	would you like to register a domain name	False
Find information about the gs pay rate	do you want to know the pay range for a specific payscale	True
Find information about elliptical trainer	would you like to how to adopt a dog	False
What is a 403b?	would you like to see if your employer offers 403b resources	True
I'm looking for flame designs	is your dog acting strangely like they are in heat	False
Find me information on sat	do you want more information about the sandy actors theater	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	would you like to know how much a kenmore gas water heater is	False
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	are you looking for someone to design a site for you or a site that allows you to do it yourself	True
tell me about tangible personal property tax	what makes people think the yellowstone volcano will erupt soon	False
how to hire disc jockey	do you need recommendations for djs	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	would you like to know who carries this product	False
Tell me about Obama family tree.	how many generations would you like me to list from president obamas family tree	True
What is yahoo	do you want dietary recommendations	False
tell me about cass county missouri	which neighborhood in cass county are you interested in	True
I want to learn about rock art.	are you trying to make art rock	True
tell me about rice?	do you want to know the country where rice was created	True
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	would you like to know the differences between butter and margarine	False
What is yahoo	are you interested in the years inuyasha was shown in tv	False
Tell me information about Volvo.	are you interested in who is the ceo	True
tell me about rice?	do you want to know the nutritional content of rice	True
figs	are you interested in figs health benefits	True
Where can I find information about forearm pain?	are you looking for causes of forearm pain	True
What is Fickle Creek Farm	have you been to this clinic before	False
Give me information about Titan.	are you looking to get more information about titan machinery	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	are you referring to a medical condition for your pet	True
map	do you have map apps on your phone	True
I'm looking for information about South Africa	do you want to know where south africa is	True
Tell me information about computer programming.	are you looking for nearby coding classes	True
How is identifying spider bites?	would you like to know if your spider bite requires a doctor hispital visit	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	is your search referring to a condition of the neck	True
Tell me about madam cj walker	would you like to know the birthplace of madam cj walker	True
what is the best long term care insurance	are you interested in new york hotel prices	False
What are the best recepies for grilling	are you looking for weather in arkansas	False
Give me espn sports information.	what variety of figs are you interested in	False
I'm interested in dinosaurs	are you interested in dinosaur toys	True
How can I quick smoking	are you having trouble quitting somking	True
Where can I buy pressure washers?	are you wondering how a pressure washer works	True
Find information about atari	would you like to see a list of atari games	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	would you like directions to flushing new york	False
Find information on hip fractures	are you interested in more information on the best long term care insurance	False
tell me about mgb	are you interested in buying or selling an mgb	True
Where can I find information about forearm pain?	are you looking for doctors that treat forearm pain	True
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	do you need information about a volvo dealership	False
Give me espn sports information.	have you been to the poconos before	False
Tell me about kansas city mo	do you want information on what is in a credt report	False
How to change the toilet in the house	do you need to know how to measure a toilet for installation	True
What was electoral college 2008 results?	would you like a list of withdrawn candidates	True
Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	are you looking for information about any specific decoration technique	True
I'm interested in InuYasha	would you like to know more about kagome higurashi	True
I need information on income tax return online	is this in reference to plumbing or some other sort of plastic product	False
tell me about iron	do you want to know who is hiring here	False
Give me espn sports information.	are you looking for information on a specific league	True
Find me information about diabetes education	are you looking to take a class about diabetes	True
What is equal opportunity employer?	what information would you like in regards to an equal opportunity employer	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	what is the heart rate youre looking to achieve	False
Find information about the secret garden.	what kind of wilson antenna are you interested in	False
Find information on Porterville.	are you looking for any specific venues in porterville	True
Tell me about Korean language.	what levels of vldl levels are you looking for normal or abnormal	False
What is Fickle Creek Farm	are you wanting to visit this hospital because of a friend or family	False
How should I use the septic system design	are you looking for information on its maintenance	True
I need information on income tax return online	did you need clarification on your tax return	True
What is equal opportunity employer?	would you like to know if your company adheres to equal opportunity employment	True
Tell me about er television show.	do you want to watch er tv show	True
What to do in Arkansas	would you like the latest news of barbados	False
tell me about mgb	are you trying to find online reviews of mgb	True
Where can I buy pressure washers?	are you looking to rent a pressure washer	True
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	are you looking for a specific doctor at mayo clinic jacksonville fl	True
Find information on Porterville.	is there any specific web page on your mind	True
Find condos in Florida.	do you want a condo for vacation or to live in	True
Tell me about Barbados.	are you referring to lipomassage	False
How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	do you want tips on how to be successful in an interview	True
Tell me about vines for shade.	what growing climate do you live in	True
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	are you located in jacksonville fl	True
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	would you like to see a price range for gmat prep classes	False
Find information on hip fractures	what area of the country do you live in	False
TV on computer	are you wondering if there has been a recall notice	False
Find information about elliptical trainer	do you want more information about the benefits of an elliptical trainer	True
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	are you looking for a recipe for grilled fish	False
map	do you have an artist that you want to hear in mothers day songs	False
tell me about rock and gem shows	would you like a list of dinosaur movies	False
tell me about tangible personal property tax	would you like to see a ground map showing the uplift of yellowstone national park	False
Find me information on sat	are you referring to saturday or the verb	True
How can one can become highway patrol	are you looking for a specific web site	True
Tell me about Barbados.	do you need treatment information for lipoma	False
Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	what makes people think the yellowstone volcano will erupt soon	True
What is martha stewart and imclone?	are you interested in something specific about martha stewart and imclone	True
I’m looking for information on worm	are you looking for nearby classes	False
to be or not to be that is the question	would some analysis of hamlet be interesting to you	True
Find me information about PVC	would you like to know what pvc is made of	True
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	would you like to know who are buried at culpeper national cemetery	True
all men are created equal	are you trying to look up the constitution	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	would you like to see notable residents of bellevue washington	True
Tell me about hotels in New York.	are you looking for a chain or botique hotel	True
Tell me about kansas city mo	are you interested in upcomming events in kasas city mo	True
Tell me about source of the nile	do you need info on what jax chemical company produces	False
Tell me about source of the nile	would you like to learn about rock and gem shows in california	False
I’m looking for blue throated hummingbird	would you like to learn about how fast blue throated hummingbirds are	True
Tell me information about a sore throat.	would you like to see pictures of a sore throat	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	are you looking for the definition to lipoma	True
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	are you looking for outpatient services in mayo clinic	True
how to hire disc jockey	is there a certain type of dj you are looking for	True
I’m looking for blue throated hummingbird	would you like to learn about how blue throated hummingbirds eat	True
I'm interested in InuYasha	would you like to know more about ps2 console design	False
Tell me about Neil Young.	are you looking for neil young tour dates	True
Find sewing instructions for me	using needle and thread or a sewing machine	True
Tell me more about HP mini 2140	do you want information on the tax board	False
What to do in Arkansas	do you need a map of arkansas	True
I need information on income tax return online	are you looking for methods on how to repair leaks in pvc pipe	False
I want to learn about rock art.	do you want to buy rock art	True
Information about raffles	are you planning to organize a raffle for a specific event	True
I'm looking for information on VLDL levels	what would you like to know about vldl levels	True
Tell me information about Volvo.	which model of volvo are you interested in getting information about	True
tell me about iron	would you like to know irons atomic number or mass	True
How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	are you looking for things to do near culpeper national cemetery	False
I'm looking for information on dieting	what kinds of specialized diets are you interested in	True
Is Kenmore heater good	would you like reviews on the kenmore gas water heater	True
I'm interested in poker tournaments	which poker tournament are you interested in knowing more about	True
Tell me about vanuatu	are you looking fro a gs base payscale table for 2018	False
Tell me about avp	are you interested in learning about a presidents power	False
Tell me more about dnr	would you like to know more about hunting rules	True
What is California Franchise Tax Board	do you want guidelines on how to ace an inteview	False
Find me information about the Last Supper painting.	do you want to know where you can view the last supper painting	True
Find information on raised gardens.	do you want to know what to plant in a raised garden	True
I'm looking for keyboard reviews	what type of keyboard reviews are you looking for	True
Information about raffles	are you interested in raffles tv series	True
how to build a fence?	do you want to know more about the bellevue washington local government	False
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	did you want to know about the dutchess county tourism center	False
I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	would you like to know more about the duties of a paralegal	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	would any specific game interest you	False
all men are created equal	would you like to know the gettysburg address	True
How can I adopt a dog	are you looking for topics related to bathroom health	False
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	are you interested in grilling equipment	False
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	would you like to know what country volvo is located	False
Tell me about kids earth day activities	are you looking for activities to be done in a classroom	True
Tell me about avp	are you referring to a specific company	True
Where can I find information about forearm pain?	are you having forearm pain	True
What is von Willebrand Disease?	would you like to learn about the symptoms of von willebrand disease	True
I want to learn about rock art.	are you wondering what rock art is	True
What is California Franchise Tax Board	do you want contact information for the board	True
What is a 403b?	would you like to find retirement financial advisors	True
I’m interested in old coins	did you find them	True
Tell me about cell phones.	are you looking for directions to a disneyland hotel	False
Give me espn sports information.	do you wnat sports scores	True
Tell me about Korean language.	are you looking for information about hangul	True
Tell me information about a sore throat.	would you like things to do to soothe a sore throat	True
Find information on Porterville.	are you looking to move here	True
Tell me about hotels in New York.	are you looking for an apartment in kansas city mo	False
Information about east ridge high school.	are you interested in east ridge high school latest news	True
where can I buy a trombone?	do you want to know who owns the company imclone	False
Information about east ridge high school.	are you looking for east ridge high school activities	True
Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	do you want information about espn sports personalities	False
figs	are you looking for recipes with figs	True
I'm looking for information about South Africa	do you want to know how to get to south africa	True
Tell me about ron howard.	are you trying to find films that ron howard directed	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	would you like to know more about the gmat test	True
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	do you want to know about reviews on the bowflex power pro	True
all men are created equal	would you like to learn more about thomas jefferson	True
Tell me about cell phones.	did you want to know what the most popular cell phones are	True
Tell me about kansas city mo	are you looking for an apartment in kansas city mo	True
What is California Franchise Tax Board	do you want information on the tax board	True
I'm looking for flame designs	how big do you want the flames to be	True
I'm looking for keyboard reviews	are you interested in gaming keyboards	True
I'm looking for information on duchess county tourism	are you looking for information related to tourism	True
Find me information about diabetes education	do you want to find some resoutces	True
Tell me about ps 2 games?	are you looking to take a class about diabetes	False
Tell me about Pocono	is there any specific information that you need about online courses held by university of phoenix	False
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	do you want information about the arizona game and fish department	True
tell me about rock and gem shows	are you looking for a specific dinosaur	False
Tell me about sonoma county medical services.	what time are you wanting to visit this clinic	False
I'm interested in dinosaurs	are you searching for required documentation for vehicle registration	False
What is a 403b?	would you like to know more about a 403b retirement account	True
I’m looking for information on worm	do you wish to take a korean language test	False
tell me about wilson antenna	which type of antenna are you interested in	True
map	do you want a map	False
TV on computer	do you want to know technical information about tv on computer	True
I'm interested in dinosaurs	what are in interested in about va dmv registration	False
Tell me about ron howard.	are you tring to find movies and tv shows where ron howard was an actor	True
What are specific dangers of asbestos?	would you like to know how to become a dj	False
What are signs of a heartattack?	would you like to see ways of temporarily slowing a heart attack	True
Tell me information about a sore throat.	are you wondering what causes sore throat	True
How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	do you want to know how to display your computer on a tv	False
What are specific dangers of asbestos?	what kind of information are you looking for news or research on the dangers of asbestos	True
What is Fickle Creek Farm	have you been to this clinic before	False
Tell me about Barbados.	would you like a map of barbados	True
Find me information about PVC	would you like to know what pvc is made of	True
figs	are you looking for the business near you	False
What is yahoo	are you interested in the list of inuyasha characters	False
how to build a fence?	are you looking for instructions to build a fence	True
What to do in Arkansas	are you looking for a specific website	False
Find information about atari	are you looking for a class for elliptical trainer	False
What is yahoo	which episodes of inuyasha would you like to see	False
discovery channel store	do you want to know the term length of a us president	False
what are the popular jobs in Michigan	would you like to see reviews on specific movies and tv shows	False
Where can I find cheap internet	are you wondering where cheap internet is	True
what are the popular jobs in Michigan	do you need need information related to unemployed services in michigan	True
Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	are you referring to a food stamp program that is current or a historical one	True
Tell me about avp	do you want to know about a management position	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	are you looking for arkansas football	False
Find me information on sat	do you need any specific information about sat grades	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	have you talked to your doctor about heart rate	True
Find information about flushing.	what items are you interested in flushing down the toilet	True
Tell me about fybromyalgia	is there something you need to know about this condition	True
tell me about idaho state flower	are you looking for a medication to adress the symptoms	False
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	are you interested in purchasing it online	True
Tell me information about Volvo.	are you looking for the age of rick warren	False
How to prepare for the GMAT?	do you feel unprepared for the gmat test	True
I want to learn about rock art.	do you wnat to decorate with rock art	True
What is equal opportunity employer?	would you like to know the history of the equal opportunity employer act	True
Tell me information about computer programming.	are you interested in a coding bootcamp	True
tell me about iron	would you like to know information about iron fe	True
map	is there a certain melody you are interested in	False
Find information on Porterville.	do you need to find hunting and fishing grounds in arizona	False
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	are you referring to the arizona state wildlife department	True
Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	do you need an address	True
Tell me about avp	do you want an acronym meanining for avp	True
Give me air travel information.	would you like to book a flight	True
How do you tie a Windsor knot?	are you looking to do this with a specific material	True
Find information on ontario california airport.	do you need directions to ontario california airport	True
How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	which tv and computer information would you like to know more about	False
Find information about the secret garden.	what kind of wilson antenna are you interested in	False
I want to learn about rock art.	do you want pictures of rock art	True
Tell me about weather stripping	would you like to know more about sliding glass doors	True
Find information about the wall	are you looking to buy the album the wall online	True
tell me about rice?	are you looking for rice university	True
What is yahoo	would you like to see inuyasha manga	False
tell me about rice?	do you want to know where rice originated	True
Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	may i tell you the numnber of earthquakes recorded in the past month in the yellowstone area	True
I'm looking for information on common schizophrenia drugs	are you wanting to find out side effects of common schizophrenia drugs	True
Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	do you want to learn how to make furniture	True
Tell me more on Kansas city railroad	are you referring to bellevue nebraska	False
tell me about tangible personal property tax	how much do you report for your income	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	do you want to know a list of top gmat prep classes	True
discovery channel store	are you looking for a deadliest catch product	True
Tell me about cell phones.	are you looking for cell phones for kids	True
tell me about rice?	are you looking for recipes that include rice	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	would you like to know how to prevent these signs	False
Information about raffles	are you planning to organize a raffle for a specific event	True
Find me information about PVC	are you interested in a certain fitting for a pvc pipe	True
What is equal opportunity employer?	what degree in particular would you like to know more about from the american military unviersity	False
how to hire disc jockey	are you looking to find a djs website	True
Which gps receiver I should buy	are you interested in the accuracy of the gps	True
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	are you looking for irons melting point	False
How can one can become highway patrol	did you want to be informed as to whre the tennesse highway patrol academy is located	True
How to register dmv in va?	would you like directions to the va dmv registration	True
what are the seven deadly sins	do you want to know more about one of the seven deadly sins	True
I'm looking for universal animal cuts reviews	were you interested in the side effects of universal animal cuts	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	are you troubleshooting or trying to repair the unit	False
What are the best recepies for grilling	are you looking for a recipe for grilled fish	True
Tell me more about USA tax for annuity	would you like to know the advantages and disadvantages of a indexed annuity	True
Tell me about american military university.	are you wanting information about west point	True
Find me reviews of the les Miserables.	do you want reviews of the les miserables movie	True
Child support in Indiana?	are you interested in indiana child support	True
Information about east ridge high school.	are you looking for east ridge high school activities	True
How to change the toilet in the house	are you looking for toilet cleaners	True
Where can I buy pressure washers?	do you want a pressure washer with a certain engine	True
Which gps receiver I should buy	what type of toilet are you looking for	False
tell me about rock and gem shows	are you looking for information about upcoming rock and gem shows	True
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	are you looking for the current president of the united states	True
Find information about atari	are you interested in the history of atari	True
I'm looking for flame designs	would you like information about the alternatives to violence project	False
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you looking for a specific product in flushing queens	False
Find information on ontario california airport.	would you like to know more about ontarioca airport services	True
Find information on hip fractures	are you interested in weather strips for doors	False
Find me information on sat	do you want more information about the sandy actors theater	True
What are specific dangers of asbestos?	are you looking for reviews of djs	False
tell me about bart sf	do you need to purchase a bart ticket	True
How to change the toilet in the house	are you looking for showtimes for the music man	False
Tell me information about Volvo.	are you looking for a specific web page	False
How can I adopt a dog	what brand is your toilet	False
How can I quick smoking	are you trying to quit smoking	True
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	do you want to know the history of culpeper national cemetery	True
What to do in Arkansas	do you need to know the next arkansas game time	True
tell me about bart sf	do you need information on how to ride the bart	True
What is Fickle Creek Farm	are you wanting to visit this hospital because of a friend or family	False
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	do you want to know about the office of the president of the us	True
Find me information about diabetes education	are you interested in buying a new atari game console	False
Find information on ontario california airport.	do you need to make a booking are you travelling alone	True
Find Brooks Brothers clearance.	do you want information on sales and discounts	True
Find me information about the sales tax in Illinois.	do you want to know where your refund is or know the tax rate	True
Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	what division of michworks are you interested in	False
Find me information about the Ritz Carlton Lake Las Vegas.	do you need a reservation at the ritz carlton in las vegas	True
Tell me about avp	do you want to know how a us president is elected	False
How to prepare for the GMAT?	are you looking for reviews of gmat prep classes	True
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	which part of volvo are you interested in	False
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	do you feel unprepared for the gmat test	False
How to prepare for the GMAT?	would you like me to find the nearest kenmore store for you	False
Tell me more about Rocky Mountain News	do you want to incude both canadian and us news sources	True
tell me about uss yorktown charleston SC	what events are you interested in on the uss yorktown	True
Tell me about hotels in New York.	may i provide you a list of best credit reporting agencies	False
Find information about penguins.	do you want to hear about the pittsburgh penguins	True
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	do you want reviews of french lick resort and casino	False
I'm interested in InuYasha	are you looking for specific fanrelated information	True
Tell me more about Rocky Mountain News	are you specifically interested in the paper published in denver co	True
Tell me about weather stripping	would you like to learn about weather stripping	True
What is equal opportunity employer?	are you looking for a specific web page	True
Find information about elliptical trainer	what brand of gps device are you looking for	False
Information about raffles	would you like to book a room in raffles hotel in dubai	True
Tell me about fybromyalgia	are looking for reviews on volvo xc90 suv	False
What are the best recepies for grilling	do you need to know the next arkansas game time	False
Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	should i search nearby stores for discounts on a toilet	False
Tell me about avp	are you looking for any specific information in relation to beach volleyball	True
how to build a fence?	will this be used as a animal pen	True
tell me about UNC	what does unc mean	True
I’m interested in civil right movement	are you interested in knowing what started the civil rights movement	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	are you interested in kabob recipes	True
I'm looking for information on VLDL levels	would you like to know more about ldl	True
What to do in Arkansas	are you looking for arkansas football	True
Find me information about the Last Supper painting.	do you want to know how much the last supper painting is worth	True
Where can I find cheap internet	are you upset by the quality of your internet service	True
I'm looking for flame designs	is your dog acting strangely like they are in heat	False
What are signs of a heartattack?	do you plan to sign up for coverage online	False
I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	are you trying to purchase the beatles rock band game	True
Tell me about madam cj walker	do you want more information on the history of madam cj walker	True
Where can I find cheap internet	or maybe free internet	True
Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	are you looking for details about disneyland hotels	True
Tell me about weather stripping	are you interested in history in the united states	False
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	how much are you willing to spend monthly for hosting	True
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	would you like to know more about the mayo clinic facilities and services	True
What are characteristics of Uranus	do you want to know how old it is estimated to be	True
How should I use the septic system design	are you interested in an advanced treatment above ground design	True
What is yahoo	are you interested in the years inuyasha was shown in tv	False
I'm looking for flame designs	is your dog acting strangely like they are in heat	False
Give me air travel information.	where are you looking to travel to	True
Tell about an adobe indian house?	do you want information about the construction of adobe houses	True
Information about east ridge high school.	are you looking for trombone dealers near yo	False
Tell me about Neil Young.	which part of neil youngs life are you interested in	True
How should I use the septic system design	do you want a single large lateral or multiple smaller laterals	True
tell me about UNC	what does unc mean	True
Tell me about atypical squamous cells	are you interested in a desciption of aytypical squamous cells	True
I’m looking for the music man.	are you looking for a specific web page	False
I'd like to learn about moths	would you like to know how to catch moths	True
Tell me about Korean language.	are you looking for nearby classes	True
Find information about flushing.	would you like to know about blushing	True
What is yahoo	would you like to know what effects hart beat rate	False
what is the best long term care insurance	would you like to know the age should to start buying best long term care insurance	True
Find me information about the sales tax in Illinois.	which county do you live in	True
How to use wiki?	what wiki site are you interested in	True
I'm looking for flame designs	should there be anything else besides the flames	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	do you want dietary recommendations	False
Find information about the wall	are you referring to the nbc television show	True
Information about bobcat	would you like to know the countries in which bobcats are found	True
I'm interested in mothers day songs	do you want songs that were released on mothers day in a specific year	True
Give me information about tribe formerly living in alabama	are you referring to an indian tribe	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	are you seeing if rick warren is still alive	True
I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	are you searching for east ridge high school football schedule	False
Tell me more on health clubs in Arkansas	would you like to know some website address	True
Tell me about Afganistan.	do you want to know the history of afganistan	True
TV on computer	do you want to know about reviews on the bowflex power pro	False
What is martha stewart and imclone?	are you seeking to watch martha stewart and imclone	True
Information about bobcat	are you interested in american bobcats	True
Tell me more about Rocky Mountain News	who do you want to find news reported by	True
I’m looking for the music man.	are you looking for the script for the music man	True
How should I use the septic system design	would you like to know how it functions	True
Tell me information about Volvo.	are you looking for a specific web page	False
Find information about the secret garden.	the secret garden has been made into many films and series which version of the secret garden are you intrested in	True
Find information about the wall	do you want to know the news about the border wall	True
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	would you like to see reviews for website hosting and design companies	True
tell me about UNC	do you want to know the cost of internet phone service	False
where can I buy a trombone?	what area are you asking about	False
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you looking for the university the bellevue	True
How to get organised?	which atari game are you interested in	False
Find information on Porterville.	would like to go hunting or fishing in arizona	False
how to build a fence?	are you referring to bellevue iowa	False
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	are you interested in purchasing it online	True
I'm looking for information on hurricane Irene flooding in manville nj	would you like stories about the national guard in hurricane irene in manville nj	True
How do you tie a Windsor knot?	do you want stepbystep directions	True
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	are you looking for hunting guides	True
Give me information about Titan.	are you looking for the computer part	True
Find information on raised gardens.	is your request related to raised garden beds	True
Tell about an adobe indian house?	do you want to know what adobe indian houses are made out of	True
What is yahoo	do you want dietary recommendations	False
tell me about tangible personal property tax	what is theh tax rate for the country youre in	True
How to change the toilet in the house	are you looking for the current performance of the music man	False
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	are you interested in a recipe for grilled chicken	False
I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	do you want to know the qualifications necessary to become a paralegal	True
What are specific dangers of asbestos?	are you looking for netflix	False
discovery channel store	are you looking for iron metal products	False
Tell me information about Volvo.	which part of volvo are you interested in	True
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	are you interested in a recipe for grilled chicken	False
When can I see Churchil Downs	which part of churchill downs are you interested in knowing more about	True
I need information on income tax return online	would you like to know more about hr block	True
how to build a fence?	do you need information about bellevue nebraska	False
Tell me about hotels in New York.	are you interested in visiting kansas city	False
tell me about idaho state flower	do you need to find a doctor that treats fibromyalgia	False
What is yahoo	are you interested in inuyasha cosplay	False
where to find morel mushrooms	what region are you looking in	True
What is yahoo	would you like to know more about kagome higurashi	False
Find information about the wall	are you interested in downloading the album the wall	True
Tell me about kansas city mo	are you interested in job openeings in kansas city mo	True
What is martha stewart and imclone?	are you interested in martha stewarts role in the company	True
Tell me about fybromyalgia	are you interested in who is the ceo	False
Tell me about texas border patrol.	are you trying to find out if they can use deadly force	True
tell me about rice?	do you need instructions for cooking rice	True
Find information about the secret garden.	would you like to see reviews on specific movies and tv shows	True
tell me about cass county missouri	is there any important documents youre trying to access	True
I'm looking for information on duchess county tourism	do you need traveling assistance or direction	False
Find information about the sun.	are you interested in the suns temperature	True
Tell me about Afganistan.	do you want to know the history of afganistan	True
Tell me about avp	are you referring to a software	True
What is California Franchise Tax Board	are you interested in learning how to write a thank you letter after an interview	False
What was electoral college 2008 results?	is there a specific state that you would like the results	True
what are continental plates	do you also need information about oceanic plates	True
Tell me about avp	do you need a phone number	False
How to change the toilet in the house	what type of toilet are you looking for	True
Tell me about vines for shade.	do you want to know what vines for shade are available in your region	True
tell me about bart sf	are you looking for transit routes to walnut creek from bart sf	True
what are continental plates	are you referencing earthquake activity	True
tell me about UNC	would you like to see the base pay scale for 2018	False
Where should I order dog clean-up bags	do you want to know the cost	True
Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	do you want to visit culpeper national cemetery	True
tell me about evidence for evolution	are you looking for scientific evidence	True
Tell me about american military university.	do you want to know more about the the curriculum	True
Tell me about avp	are you looking for locations	False
Find information about tornadoes	do you need to know what to do in case there is a tornado	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	do you want to know why your face is flushing	False
tell me about mgb	are you looking for mini gastric bypass surgery	True
I'm looking for flame designs	are you looking for symptoms of dog heat	False
I'm looking for information on common schizophrenia drugs	do you want to know the cost of the commonly used drug	True
I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	would you like a history of the band	True
What are specific dangers of asbestos?	are you requesting information about the dangers of asbestos or the symptoms of associated with asbestos exposure	True
I'm interested in dinosaurs	are you interested in home decor items that are dinosaur related	True
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	do you want stores selling elliptical trainer	False
Find me information about diabetes education	which type of diabetes do you want to learn about	True
How can one can become highway patrol	would you like me to contact them for you	True
how to hire disc jockey	would you like to see some reviews	False
How to change the toilet in the house	should i search nearby stores for discounts on a toilet	True
I'm looking for information about South Africa	do you want a map of south africa	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	would you like to know why its important to lower your heart rate	False
I'm looking for information on VLDL levels	do you want to learn how to calculate your vldl levels	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	do you want to know the most famous person from arkansas	False
I'm looking for keyboard reviews	do you want to know about piano keys	True
tell me about iron	what events are you interested in on the uss yorktown	False
I'm interested in InuYasha	would you like to compare specific ps 2 games	False
I'm interested in dinosaurs	do you want to renew a drivers license	False
How to prepare for the GMAT?	are you referring to lymphoma in the mouth	False
How can I lower my heart rate?	are you interested in the years inuyasha was shown in tv	False
Find information on Porterville.	are you interested in schools in poterville	True
I'm looking for information on VLDL levels	would you like to see charts about vldl levels	True
tell me about rice?	are you looking for a specific recipe	True
I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	do you want to know colleges in your area where you can study to be a paralegal	True
Find information about flushing.	are you interested in the history of the korean language	False
Tell me more about Hawain volcanos	are you interested in what hawaiian volcano observatories do	True
I’m looking for the music man.	are you looking for information on the music man musical	True
Where can I buy pressure washers?	do you need a pressure washer shipped directly	True
Tell me more about USA tax for annuity	do you want to know how much an indexed annuity would cost	True
Tell me about black history.	would you like to know the weather in kansas city	False
Tell me more about Rocky Mountain News	what type of news are you interested in	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	do you mean the department of natural resources	False
how to build a fence?	are you looking for things to do in bellevue	False
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	do you seek further information on lab breeders	True
Tell me about civil war battles in South Carolina	are you interested in the outcomes of the civil war battles in south carolina	True
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	would you like to see the most effective methods of gmat prep	False
Is Kenmore heater good	are you referring to the lab in seattle	False
Tell me information about a sore throat.	are you looking for homeopathic sore throat treatments	True
Find information about elliptical trainer	would you like a list of websites that show workouts for elliptical trainers	True
tell me about bart sf	are you looking for transit routes to berkeley from bart sf	True
Find information about penguins.	what kind of penguin are you looking for	True
Find information about the wall	are you interested in a specific part of a home	True
When can I see Churchil Downs	are you looking for more information about churchill downs	True
tell me about evidence for evolution	are you looking for evidence of the current accepted theory of evolution	True
tell me about tangible personal property tax	are you reffering to the federal or state tax	True
I need information about the University of Phoenix.	do you need the website for the university of phoenix	True
Find information on Porterville.	do you want to find a restaurant or store here	True
Tell me about american military university.	are you looking for information on the origins of the company	False
Information about bobcat	are you looking for a specific tractor model	True
I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	do you want to know the specs of hp mini 2140	False
Find me information about diabetes education	are you searching for prevention tools	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	are you looking for a clinic for lipoma treatment	True
Find me information about the Last Supper painting.	what is your purpose for searching for the last supper painting	True
Tell me about Obama family tree.	would you like to hear about president obamas family tree	True
discovery channel store	do you want to know about the office of the president of the us	False
Tell me about ps 2 games?	who you be interested in becoming a diabetes educator	False
tell me about ct jobs	are you looking for some photos	False
Tell me about designer dog breeds.	do you want to know where to buy a designer dog breed	True
Find information about the secret garden.	what colors do you want to use	False
Information about bobcat	are you interested in the evolution of bobcats	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	how would you like to watch inuyasha episodes	False
where can I buy a trombone?	would you like to see trombones for sale on ebay	True
Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	are you looking for living room furniture	True
Information about east ridge high school.	is arkadelphia in the name of the health club	False
Tell me about Obama family tree.	do you want to know more about obamas parents	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	do you want to know how to get to arkansas	False
where can I buy a trombone?	would you like to find out how much you owe	False
Tell me about Korean language.	are you interested in the history of the korean language	True
tell me about uss yorktown charleston SC	do you want to know where the uss yorktown is currently located	True
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	do you feel unprepared for the gmat test	False
Find information about flushing.	are you looking for nearby classes	False
tell me about idaho state flower	would you like to know what the idaho sate flower is	True
Tell me about avp	would you like stock information for avon products incorporated	True
Tell me more about HP mini 2140	do you want to know the address	False
I need information on income tax return online	are you interested in types of pvc pipe	False
I need information on income tax return online	do you need to apply for a federal tax return online	True
I'm looking for information on common schizophrenia drugs	are you inquiring which typical or uncommon drug is used	True
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	do you need information about voip phone services	True
Find me information on sat	do you need sat study materials	True
Let's see frank lloyd wright biography	would you like to know about frank lloyd wrights family	True
Tell me about avp	is there a specific product you are looking for from the store	False
Tell me about american military university.	are you wanting to know its location	True
butter and margarine	do you need traveling assistance or direction	False
map	are you wanting the titles of mothers day songs	False
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	are you looking to buy a volvo	False
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	what year do you want to know the president for	True
tell me about iron	woud you like a list of items made from iron	True
Tell me about ron howard.	are you trying to find films that ron howard directed	True
How can I quick smoking	do you want information on how many people successfully quit smoking	True
Find information on raised gardens.	is this in reference to flowers or vegetables	True
Tell me about kids earth day activities	are you looking for activities that can be done inside or outside	True
Find me information about the Last Supper painting.	woud you like to know about last supper reproductions	True
Find information about the secret garden.	what kind of media are you interested in there are many videos and still frames of the secret garden from its movies plays tv musical and opera productions	True
I'm interested in poker tournaments	do you want to watch a tournament online	True
I'm looking for information on dieting	would you like to know more about dieting products for weight loss	True
what are continental plates	is there a certain area that you need information on specifically	True
Tell me more about USA tax for annuity	do you want more information about what an indexed annuity is	True
tell me about ct jobs	are you looking for listings with a particular skill set	True
what are continental plates	do you need study information from professors	True
Tell me more on health clubs in Arkansas	are you looking for a health club or a country club	True
How to change the toilet in the house	are you trying to find videos about the music man	False
Find me information about the sales tax in Illinois.	are you looking for a specific form	True
Tell me about scooters.	would you like to purchase one or rent it	True
I'm looking for flame designs	should there be anything else besides the flames	True
I'm looking for a wedding budget calculator	what is your projected budget for your wedding	True
I am looking for sources of used car parts.	would you like to buy parts online or in person	True
Tell me about designer dog breeds.	do you want to know how much designer dog breeds cost	True
What are characteristics of Uranus	do you want to read an encyclopedia entry on uranus	True
Find information about flushing.	do you want to know the status of your return	False
Find information about atari	are you looking for benefits of an elliptical trainer vs other fitness machines	False
How should I use the septic system design	are you looking for engineers in such field	True
tell me about iron	would you like to buy supplements	True
I'd like to learn about moths	are you looking for luna moths	True
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	are you interested in interview thank you letters	False
Tell me more about us presidents	do you want to know the middle name of the current president of the united states	True
I’m interested in civil right movement	would you like to know about any specific acts	True
Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	what would you like to learn about the poconos	False
Tell me about Bellevue.	would you like to know what a conficker is	False
Tell me about making chicken soup from scratch.	are you looking for reviews of a specific chicken soup recipe from scratch	True
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	are you interested in price comparison of packages	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	are you referring to lymphoma in the mouth	False
Where should I order dog clean-up bags	do you want to know the cost	True
Tell me about source of the nile	what local rock and gem shows are you looking for from this list	False
Tell me about Afganistan.	do you want to know the leaders of afghanistan	True
What are the best recepies for grilling	are you interested in learning about arkansas	False
How to change the toilet in the house	are you looking for michworks career information	False
How to prepare for the GMAT?	are you looking for a specific web site	True
I need information about the University of Phoenix.	do you need information about medical services	False
what is the best long term care insurance	do you plan to sign up for coverage online	True
I want to learn about rock art.	are you referring to a music genre	True
I'd like to learn about moths	which type of moth are you looking for	True
I’m looking for the music man.	do you want to make an appointment	False
What is California Franchise Tax Board	do you want to know their hours of operation	True
I'm looking for universal animal cuts reviews	would you like to purchase universal animal cuts	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	do you want to know about the nearest town named bellevue	True
How to change the toilet in the house	what type of toilet are you looking for	True
Find me information about the sales tax in Illinois.	may i tell you how much the state income tax in illinois is	True
tell me about cass county missouri	are you looking for places to eat in cass county missouri	True
Tell me about ron howard.	would you want to know about ron howards acting career	True
I want to learn about rock art.	are you going to purchase any specific tools	True
I want to learn about rock art.	are you looking for examples of rock art	True
Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	do you need requirements for food stamps in iowa	True
Is Kenmore heater good	are you looking for any specific facilities	False
I’m looking for information on worm	are you interested in korean language degrees	False
I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	are you referring to lymphoma in the mouth	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	would you like to see notable residents of bellevue washington	True
Tell me about cell phones.	what price range of cell phones are you interested in	True
Tell me about ron howard.	are you trying to compare different ron howard movies	True
How to cook pork tenderlion	do you want to know where pork tenderloin comes from	True
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	are you asking about the dangers of asbestos siding	False
What is martha stewart and imclone?	are you interested in martha stewarts role in the company	True
Child support in Indiana?	are you interested in getting details on finding a lawyer for child support	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	would you like to see ways of temporarily slowing a heart attack	False
Tell me about Afganistan.	what specific information about afghanistan are you looking for	True
how to build a fence?	are you looking for the college	False
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	would you like the history of indiana state fairgrounds	True
Tell me about ps 2 games?	are you searching for prevention tools	False
how to build a fence?	are you looking for directions to bellevue	False
I'm interested in InuYasha	which ps 2 game genres are you interested in	False
What was electoral college 2008 results?	would you like to know the vote counts for a specific candidate	True
I’m looking for the music man.	are you looking for a garden in you area	False
I'm looking for flame designs	the history of flame design	True
Find me information about PVC	are you interested in a certain length of pvc pipe	True
What is martha stewart and imclone?	what sport are you interested in	False
What is von Willebrand Disease?	which animal are you interested in knowing about in regards to von willebrand disease	True
What is yahoo	would you like to watch an inuyasha movie	False
Find symptoms of heart attack	would you like to know about typical or atypical symptoms of heart attack	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	are you looking for a specific web site	True
Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	would you like to read some reviews	True
I'm looking for information on hobby stores	what location do you want to find a hobby store in	True
Find information about the wall	are you interested in hearing facts about the proposed border wall	True
Tell me information about computer programming.	do you need any specific information about its job market	True
how to build a fence?	do you want to know more about the bellevue washington local government	False
Find me information about PVC	do you want to know how to make ballet bars out of pvc	True
Find information about the secret garden.	are you interested in finding a local tattoo shop that does flame design	False
Tell me about sonoma county medical services.	are you looking for employment with sonoma country medical	True
Give me information about Titan.	are you referring to the monster from the final fantasy series	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	are you searching for the information in regard to lipoma symptoms	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	would you like to know what causes lipoma tumors	True
I'm looking for information on hobby stores	is this a hobby for an adult	True
Info on dog heat?	is your dog acting strangely like they are in heat	True
Where can I buy pressure washers?	are you wondering what a pressure washer is	True
How do I get my free annual credit report?	are you looking to book a trip to vanuatu	False
Tell me about sonoma county medical services.	would you like to request an appointment	False
tell me about wilson antenna	how big do you want the flames to be	False
Tell me information about Volvo.	do you want to know how old rick warren is	False
When can I see Churchil Downs	are you looking for directions to churchill downs	True
Tell me more about dnr	would you like to know where barbados is	False
Tell me more about us presidents	are you interested in presidential middle names for the past presidents of the united states	True
How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	would you like to know how to watch tv on your computer	False
I'm interested in InuYasha	would any specific game interest you	True
How to get organised?	would you like to see a list of atari games	False
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	what type of activity are you looking for	False
Find me information on sat	do you want to know who grades your sats	True
How is identifying spider bites?	would you like to see pictures to help you identify spider bites	True
Find information on French Lick Resort and Casino.	do you need any specific information on obama inauguration	False
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	are you looking for irons melting point	False
Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	are you referring of the dangers of asbestos in new or old houses	False
What are the best recepies for grilling	would you like to contact a lawyer about a possible dnr	False
Tell me about making chicken soup from scratch.	would you like the instructions for making chicken soup from scratch	True
I’m looking for blue throated hummingbird	would you like to know anything specific related to it life style	True
What to do in Arkansas	do you want to know how to get to arkansas	True
I'm interested in mothers day songs	are you looking for a particular artist	True
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	what cell phone apps are you interested in	False
I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	are you looking for information on the origins of the company	True
Find information on Porterville.	are you interested in grilling a specefic food	False
What is a 403b?	would you like to know more about a 403b retirement account	True
tell me about symptoms of mad cow disease in humans	are you interested in the signs one may show for mad cow disease	True
Find me information about diabetes education	are you interested in free websites or would you like your own domain	False
What are signs of a heartattack?	are you interested in the best priced long term care insurance or best coverage	False
Give me information on OCD.	do you want to know the symptoms of ocd	True
Tell me more about HP mini 2140	do you want to know the price of hp mini 2140	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	do you want to know the nearest vet that can help	False
figs	would you like us to show you where to buy figs and other fresh fruit locally	True
Where can I find cheap internet	are you wondering who used cheap internet	True
How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	are you interested in interview thank you letters	True
figs	would you like to know where figs grow	True
Find sewing instructions for me	would you like instructions on how to use a sewing machine	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you looking for the university the bellevue	True
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	do you want the location of the indiana state fairgrounds	True
How to cook pork tenderlion	do you want to know where pork tenderloin comes from	True
Tell me more about dnr	would you like to know more about hunting rules	True
Find me information about diabetes education	are you looking for someone to design a site for you or a site that allows you to do it yourself	False
I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	do you want to buy a hp mini 2140	False
Tell me about ps 2 games?	are you wanting to find a class on the education of the disease of diabetes	False
I'm looking for a wedding budget calculator	what was the price range you were looking for	True
Tell me more about satilies	do you want to figure out the benefits of satellite tv over cable tv	True
Tell me about avp	do you want to know about a management position	True
what are the popular jobs in Michigan	are you interested in educational reviews and essays about the secret garden for a homework assignment	False
I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	would you like to register a domain name	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	would you like to know about the plumbing mechanisms of flushing	False
I’m looking for blue throated hummingbird	do you want to know what they look like	True
Give me espn sports information.	are you looking for standings of a specific sport	True
Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	may i tell you the numnber of earthquakes recorded in the past month in the yellowstone area	True
Tell me information about Volvo.	are you looking to buy a volvo	True
Tell me about sonoma county medical services.	are you interested in jobs at mayo clinic jacksonville fl	False
Tell me about cell phones.	what cell phone apps are you interested in	True
Find information about the secret garden.	in what country is the secret garden located	True
Tell me about vanuatu	do you wish to know the climate of vanuatu	True
Information about bobcat	would you like to know specific products from the company bobcat	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	do you need information on the prognosis of lymphoma in dogs	False
Information about bobcat	would you like to know the location of the headquarters of the company bobcat	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	do you want to know how old rick warren is	True
Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	would you wanting to know how to set one up	True
Give me espn sports information.	do you wnat sports scores	True
Find information on ontario california airport.	do you need a map of the area would you like the website address	True
Find information about penguins.	are you trying to build a specific kind of fence	False
tell me about tangible personal property tax	would you like more information of the course of the yellowstone volcano and the different hypothesizes scientest have	False
Tell me about Bellevue.	are you looking for a directions to the new york hall of science in flushing meadows corona park	False
Find information on Porterville.	are you looking for a specific web page	False
Tell me about er television show.	are you interested in summaries of episodes of er tv show	True
Give me espn sports information.	what sport are you interested in	True
Tell me more about satilies	would you like to know more about satellite tv history	True
I'm interested in InuYasha	are you looking for specific fanrelated information	True
I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	are you interested in a specifc song from the beatles	True
I want to learn about rock art.	are you looking for information about cave painting in any location	True
Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	would you like the history of indiana state fairgrounds	True
Find information about the secret garden.	are you looking for a specific web page	False
map	are you looking for a specific mothers day song	False
Find information on ontario california airport.	are you interested in visiting ontario california airport	True
What is martha stewart and imclone?	are you interested in something specific about martha stewart and imclone	True
Tell me about scooters.	are you looking to buy a scooter	True
How can one can become highway patrol	would you like to know more about their responsibilities	True
How to get organised?	are you interested in atari 2600	False
What should I know about the civil war	are you looking for large battles	True
Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	are you looking for a specific web site	True
How to prepare for the GMAT?	would you like reviews on the kenmore gas water heater	False
Where can I find cheap internet	are you wondering how to reduce your internet bill	True
Find information about flushing.	are you interested in korean language classes	False
What are the best recepies for grilling	do you want to move to arkansas	False
I am looking for sources of used car parts.	are you looking for used car parts from a particular period of time	True
map	are you interested in cartography	True
Find information about penguins.	are you interested in the penguins of madagascar	True
Let's see frank lloyd wright biography	are you looking for frank lloyd wrights family tree	True
Find information about the gs pay rate	are you looking for the us civil servant pay scale	True
Tell me about kansas city mo	would you like to learn about unc sports	False
Which gps receiver I should buy	are you interested in the accuracy of the gps	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	are you planning to run or exercise	False
how to hire disc jockey	what would you like to know about culpeper national cemetary	False
I'm looking for a wedding budget calculator	what was the price range you were looking for	True
tell me about wilson antenna	are you looking for a specific web page	True
Tell me about Pocono	are you interested in the calorie count or other nutrition information for the fruit	False
I’m looking for the music man.	do you want to listen to songs from the music man	True
Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	are you interested in satellite maps	False
Looking for information about the Orange County Convention Center	are you planning any events there	True
Tell me about Neil Young.	are you looking for neil young tour dates	True
What is equal opportunity employer?	what do you need to know about equal opportunity employment	True
Tell me about source of the nile	which nile are you interested in learning about	True
Find me information about the Ritz Carlton Lake Las Vegas.	do you need a reservation at the ritz carlton in las vegas	True
how to build a fence?	are you looking for things to do in bellevue	False
How should I use the septic system design	are you looking for a contact number for the city government	False
How can I lower my heart rate?	would you like to see inuyasha manga	False
What is Fickle Creek Farm	are you looking for a place which sales products from fickle creek farm	True
I’m interested in civil right movement	would you like to know when the civil rights movement began	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	do you want to know why your face is flushing	False
tell me about idaho state flower	what characterisitc of the flower would you like to learn more about	True
Tell me about civil war battles in South Carolina	are you interested in learning about the consequences of south carolinas battles on the overall war	True
What is equal opportunity employer?	would you like to see how to meet the legal requirement to be an equal opportunity employer	True
How to register dmv in va?	are you looking to reserve a space at the sherwood regional library	False
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	would you like to know what a weather strip is	False
tell me about rock and gem shows	are you interested in finding rock and gem shows near you	True
Tell me about kansas city mo	are you interested in hallmark visitors center	True
Find me information about the Last Supper painting.	are you interested in the history of the last supper painting	True
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	are you looking for homeopathic sore throat treatments	False
Tell me about civil war battles in South Carolina	would you like to know how many battles were fought in south carolina	True
Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	what would you like to know about uplift	True
Find information on raised gardens.	do you want to know what to plant in a raised garden	True
map	is there any specific information about the river that would interest you	False
Tell me more about USA tax for annuity	do you want to know if an indexed annuity a good investment	True
Find information about atari	are you looking for information of a trainer vs a treadmill	False
How can I adopt a dog	what size is your toilet	False
What are signs of a heartattack?	are you interested in more information on the best long term care insurance	False
Looking for information about the Orange County Convention Center	do you need a map	True
Tell me about vanuatu	do you want a map	True
How can I lower my heart rate?	have you talked to your doctor about heart rate	True
What to do in Arkansas	do you need to know the next arkansas game time	True
Find condos in Florida.	do you want to be on the beach	True
map	do you want a tourist map	True
Tell me about er television show.	are you looking for a list of er episodes	True
tell me about iron	do you want to know the average salary in this state	False
What is yahoo	how low would you like to lower your heart rate	False
When can I see Churchil Downs	are you looking for more information about churchill downs	True
Find sewing instructions for me	how experienced are you at sewing	True
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	would you like to compare different weather stripping products	False
Tell me about black history.	are you interested in job openeings in kansas city mo	False
Find information about the secret garden.	are you interested in finding a local tattoo shop that does flame design	False
Find information about penguins.	are you interested in a specific type of penguin	True
I need information on income tax return online	may i provide you medical definition of premature ventricular contractions	False
Find condos in Florida.	are you interested in any specific city in florida	True
Tell about an adobe indian house?	do you want to know about pueblo hopi or american indian houses	True
tell me about ct jobs	are you interested in the costs of building a fence	False
discovery channel store	is there a specific product you are looking for from the store	True
Find sewing instructions for me	using needle and thread or a sewing machine	True
Find information about the secret garden.	are you looking for flame design tracers	False
Tell me information about Volvo.	do you need repair information	True
Find information on hip fractures	when do you expect to need coverage to begin	False
Find information about the secret garden.	what kind of pictures are you looking for	False
where to find morel mushrooms	what are you trying to do with the mushrooms	True
I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	are you looking for a list of foods that are a good source of iron	False
Tell me about kansas city mo	would you like information on the university of north carolina unc	False
Find information about the wall	are you looking to buy the album the wall online	True
tell me about rock and gem shows	are you looking for a specific web site about dinosaurs	False
Tell me about ps 2 games?	diabetes education regarding children or adults	False
How to prepare for the GMAT?	do you feel unprepared for the gmat test	True
Which gps receiver I should buy	do you need directions somewhere	True
Give me espn sports information.	do you want to know what channel espn is	True
I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	are you looking for an online or inperson gmat prep class	False
who invented music	are you interested in the invention of modern music or the beginning of all music	True
Find information about elliptical trainer	how big do you want your dog	False
What is martha stewart and imclone?	do you want espn sports corporate information	False
What are the best recepies for grilling	are you interested in the medical term dnr	False
I'm looking for flame designs	are you looking for flame design outline	True
Information about raffles	are you interested in the movie raffles	True
I’m looking for the music man.	which alexian brothers hospital are you interested in	False
Find information about the wall	are you interested in hearing facts about the proposed border wall	True
TV on computer	would you like to learn more about how to exercise with the bowflex power pro	False
Which gps receiver I should buy	would you like to know your gps coordinates	True
What is Fickle Creek Farm	are you going to purchase anything there	True
Tell me more about Rocky Mountain News	do you want historical or recent news events	True
tell me about idaho state flower	is there something you need to know about this condition	False
Tell me about Obama family tree.	what is ralph owen brewsters education	False
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	would you like to find foods that will lower your heart rate	False
What is yahoo	would you like to see inuyasha manga	False
Find information about atari	are you interested in buying a new atari game console	True
Find Brooks Brothers clearance.	are you looking for merchandise catalog	True
Tell me about Neil Young.	are you looking for similar artists to neil young	True
What is a 403b?	would you like to know more about a 403b retirement account	True
What is California Franchise Tax Board	do you want to go to a djs website	False
Tell me about black history.	would you like to see a listing for hotels in kansas city	False
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	are you looking for an application on this topic	False
Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	do you want to know how to use it	True
Is Kenmore heater good	what size are you looking for	True
Information about raffles	where would you like your raffle to take place	True
Find information on French Lick Resort and Casino.	do you need any specific information on obama inauguration	False
What are the causes of lipoma tumors	would you like to know about lipomas based on any specific demographics	True
I’m interested in civil right movement	which countrys civil rights movement are you interested in	True
I’m looking for information on worm	are you looking for information on the life cycle of worms	True
Find information about the secret garden.	which type of antenna are you interested in	False
Find information about the secret garden.	are you looking to buy an antenna or read more about the antenna	False
What to do in Arkansas	are you interested in visiting barbados	False
Tell me about Internet phone serices.	are you looking for free internet phone service or are you willing to pay for it	True
Tell me about weather stripping	what is your price range	False
Find information on Porterville.	are you looking for a specific place here	True
tell me about uss yorktown charleston SC	are you interested in where penguins live	False
I'm looking for a wedding budget calculator	would you like to find an app for wedding budgeting	True
What is a 403b?	are you looking for withdrawal rules for 403b plan	True
I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	would you like to email the va dmv registration	False
Find information about atari	are you interested in buying a new atari game console	True
What is yahoo	have you talked to your doctor about heart rate	False
I am looking for sources of used car parts.	are you looking for used car parts from a particular period of time	True
Tell me about Afganistan.	what specific information about afghanistan are you looking for	True
Tell me about Bellevue.	do you want to know about worm castings	False
I’m looking for the music man.	can we show you reviews of the original classic book the secret garden	False
Find information about penguins.	would you like to see info about the kansas city southern railway	False
Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	are you wanting to know what it is	True
I'd like to learn about moths	do you need to identify a moth	True
I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	do you want to buy their music	True
Tell me more about dnr	would you like to find a plane ticket to barbados	False
Tell me information about computer programming.	are you looking for information on jobs	True
Find information about Mitchell College.	would you like to know mitchell colleges acceptance rate	True
how to hire disc jockey	do you need to book a dj for an event	True
I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	do you want dietary recommendations	False
How to change the toilet in the house	are you looking for information on the music man musical	False
Find me information about diabetes education	diabetes education regarding children or adults	True
How should I use the septic system design	are you looking for septic system design software	True
tell me about cass county missouri	are you looking for government service	True
Find information about the secret garden.	can i provide you information about frances hodgson burnett	True
Find me information about diabetes education	are you interested in paid services	False
I'm interested in poker tournaments	do you want to watch a tournament online	True
I'm looking for a wedding budget calculator	did you want to see if there was an app to do it	True
Find information about the wall	are you interested in building a home	True
Take me to the current.	which one of the current 893 essential songs do you like	True
Tell me more about dnr	would you like to contact a lawyer about a possible dnr	True
figs	would you like to see a list of different kind of figs with images	True
Find me information about PVC	do you want to know how to make ballet bars out of pvc	True
Tell me about sonoma county medical services.	would you like the different services that are provided	True
Tell me about Korean language.	are you looking for a dictionary	True
I am looking for sources of used car parts.	are you looking for used car parts from a particular period of time	True
Find information about the gs pay rate	do you want to know the federal pay cap for 2018	True
How to change the toilet in the house	are you trying to find specific toilet parts	True
tell me about ct jobs	what salary range are you looking for	True
What is California Franchise Tax Board	are you looking for payment information	True
tell me about ct jobs	what kind of trade are you looking for	True
Where can I find information about forearm pain?	are you interested in the anatomy of forearms	True
discovery channel store	do you wish to order online directly	True
I’m looking for information on worm	are you interested in knowing more about a computer worm	True
Tell me about civil war battles in South Carolina	are you more interested in battles won by the union or the confederacy	True
What are characteristics of Uranus	are you wondering the size of uranus	True
How to change the toilet in the house	are you looking for the location of michworks	False
Information about east ridge high school.	are you interested in selling a trombone you own	False
Tell me about fybromyalgia	would you like to know what their rating is compare to other car companies	False
Tell me about ron howard.	would you like to know how many movies ron howard has directed	True
how to build a fence?	are you looking for a hospital in new york ny	False
What are the best recepies for grilling	are you interested in learning about arkansas	False
Where can I find cheap internet	are you interested in finding cheap items on the internet	True
Find information on Porterville.	are you referring to the arizona state wildlife department	False
I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	do you mean do not resuscitate	False
What are characteristics of Uranus	how many facts do you want	True
I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	do you seek further information on lab breeders	False
How can I lower my heart rate?	are you planning to run or exercise	True
How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	do you want to know what sites you can watch tv on the computer at	False
What should I know about the civil war	do you want specific or general details on battles	True
Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	are you interested in staying here for certain dates	True
Find information about the gs pay rate	what year do you want to know the gs pay rate for	True
Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	are you referring to a federally funded food stamp program or one that is funded by the state government	False
Tell me about atypical squamous cells	do you want to see a picture of atypical squamous cells	True
how to build a fence?	do you want to know more about companies headquartered in bellevue washington	False
Tell me about Obama family tree.	are you looking for specific program information	False
